No.: B-CL-16130
Agenda: Motion for the Execution of Sovereign Ruler Ix Ajkotz'i'j Iq'ismal Waxak
Attendees:
CL-01 "Valiant One" Aj Nimalaj Chuq'ab Hun
CL-02 "Jade Maiden" Ix Je'lal K'ua'l Ka'
CL-03 "Weaver of Secrets" Ix Kemonel Jasjatem Oox
CL-05 "Bestower of Bitter Springs" Aj K'astajibal Cha'ama' Ho'o
CL-07 "Toxic Rain Over Boundless Forests" Aj Chojojik Kamikabal U'uk
CL-08 "Priestess of Floral Candles and Skyborne Feathers" Ix Ajkotz'i'j Iq'ismal Waxak
CL-12 "Murmuring Spring" Ix Roq'ratik'obala' Ka'alahun

[Record Begins]
CL-01: I demand that you explain yourself immediately, Twelfth Lord. What is the meaning of this? Against all expectation, you would call for the execution of your own flesh and blood, and at such a critical hour?

CL-12: Venerable Speaker, what kind of an explanation do you wish for? The words I wish to speak — the words I must speak — have already been made clear in my proposal. I, Ix Roq'ratik'obala' Ka'alahun Ch'ule-L, custodian of Q'umqaraq'aj, accuse the Eighth Lord among us, Ix Ajkotz'i'j Iq'ismal Waxak Ch'ule-L, of betraying our kind, and thus request her immediate execution. Instead of pressing me yet again on matters you already know, why not first question the Eighth Lord herself to see what she might say in her own defense?

CL-08: I have no intention of defending myself. If any of you believe I have betrayed our kind and defiled our Sovereign's vision, then cast your vote for my execution. Only a weakling would waste words on such matters.

CL-12: How dignified your haughty grace, my dear sister. Yet as I see it, you are merely grasping for an excuse — one you cannot find — to explain your own betrayal. How else would you justify why the human you keep — that vile reaver, that brazen harborer of degenerates we had exiled, that insect who dared trespass upon my domain whom you dare call "daughter," who wields a weapon forged by dragon-smiths — has chosen to follow in Xbalanque's path, assisting him in slaughtering our kin? And why, even now, do you continue to tolerate her savagery rather than cast her out yourself? Is that not so, our ever-venerable Paragon Priestess of Floral Candles and Skyborne Feathers?

CL-08: You name me a traitor, Twelfth Lord. If I truly were one, you would now be lying at my feet, begging for mercy to save your pitiful life. As for my beloved daughter, you have no right to make such accusations. She has chosen her path, just as I have chosen to remain loyal to our Sovereign. If a weak worm like you cannot even kill her, or maintain the territory granted to you by our Sovereign — then that is your fault, neither mine nor hers.

CL-01: I, too, refute your accusation, Twelfth Lord. The human named Xbalanque is a powerful warrior, worthy of our respect. Even in my eyes, he has shown himself worthy of facing me in combat, and of my killing him in person. This is a fact that you should respect. That humanity's offspring would flock to his banner is as natural as the idea that a plant would turn towards the sun, or that its seeds would drift along with the wind. This stands beyond reproach, and certainly does not constitute treason.

CL-07: You would speak in puny humanity's defense?

CL-01: I have no intention of defending anyone, Seventh Lord. My words are crystal clear, surely as my teeth gleam with the brilliance of gemstones. I esteem the formidable enemy named Xbalanque, just as I long to tear open his chest in glorious battle, and to bathe my very heart in his blood out of respect for his nobility. If you would call this a defense, I would not mind so defending your honor either, Seventh Lord.

CL-07: ...I request your pardon. It was not my intent to provoke you.

CL-01: Such an outrageous proposal is itself an affront to the Chamber of Deliberation. I, too, do not consider following Xbalanque to be an unforgivable crime. Perhaps you should call for my execution as well?

CL-02: The Eighth Lord speaks the truth in this matter. If you cannot defeat even a puny human, Twelfth Lord, then truly you all deserve to perish.

CL-05: You would deny her betrayal too, Jade Maiden?

CL-02: I would not deign to label the Eighth Lord a traitor. Yet my regard for you, Eighth Lord, does not sway me sufficiently to reject this proposal either. Even if the possibility of your betrayal is but one in a hundred thousand, that sliver of corruption is enough to repulse me. Pure primal flame brooks not the slightest speck of impurity — and well you know this, too.

CL-08: I know that well, indeed. Were I in your position, Second Lord, my choice would be the same.

CL-02: Very well, then. You almost stir in me a pang of regret, Eighth Lord. In fact, perhaps I have already begun to feel it.

[Vote Count]
For: CL-02, CL-05, CL-07, CL-12
Against: CL-01, CL-08
Abstained: CL-03

Final Tally: 4 in favor, 2 against, 1 abstention. Consensus reached.
[Record Ends]