There have always been various misunderstandings regarding the northern barbarians. These misunderstandings are not conducive to conquering and pacifying them, nor are they beneficial to the long-term well-being of the empire.

For these reasons, I, Hirtius, the Vicarius of Legio VI Rithimi Versi, in accordance with the exalted Harmost Euergetia's universally known benevolence and authority, hereby faithfully record all I know for posterity, so that future successors may fulfill their duty to safeguard the northern border with less trouble.

Society

The social structures of different chiefdoms vary dramatically. Most chiefdoms are still in the stage of rudimentary clan-based societies, with councils composed of clan chiefs holding the highest authority. However, the moniker "tribe" has long ceased to be an accurate descriptor for some chiefdoms. Though many are loath to admit this, we must face the fact they have broken free from primal barbarism.

For example, before the polis of Lugdunensis was razed by Legio V, its population exceeded (...). As the trade hub of many northern chiefdoms, its degree of prosperity could be favorably compared to (...). The ruler of the area did not call themselves a "Chieftain," but a "Holy King," and they believed their authority to rule came from an ancient sword bestowed upon them by the "Mother of Many Springs." Naturally, any rational citizen knows that strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from melody and harmony, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.

Another example: (...) is ruled by a council of astrologists, and they use (...) to set apart young children with elemental affinity, raising them to become (...), and these "people" can nearly rival our legions in battle.
(Note by Marius Servius: The city mentioned here has already been subjugated and razed by the exalted Harmost Boethius, its name erased from memory.)

In the past, the conquest of tribes still in a primitive state could be completed simply by dealing with the clan elders of each clan. A few decades ago, the exalted Harmost Aurelius successfully concluded his northern campaign through such methods: Without even resorting to violence, simply by dispatching legionnaires to announce the conquest, the various insular tribes on those remote islands were incorporated into the empire's territory. However, following the conquest of Aremorica, such tribes grew fewer and fewer. Different methods ought to be used to pacify different chiefdoms. Just as the exalted Harmost Euergetia once said, It is because they are ignorant savages by nature, that we must first understand them before they can understand us...

(The following pages have been erased, and cannot be read.)

Beliefs

Today, the belief that the barbarians of the north worship a false god (or evil god) known as the "Mistress of All Waters" is widespread. However, this is a fiction created as a result of the conquest of Aremorica — Its leader had forced other chiefdoms to acknowledge that their gods were all aspects of the "Mistress of All Waters," regardless of what god they originally worshipped or what names they had.

In other words, the barbarians of the northern border region do not have a single centralized belief system. Even to this day, they do not have a unified understanding of the concept of the "Mistress of All Waters." The leader of Aremorica seemed not to mind this point, as she only demanded they worship the same name without prescribing the contents of their beliefs.

Regardless, blood and barbarism pervade their belief systems. Some scholars believe this is because they never received a response from the gods, and can only resort to increasingly violent and extreme sacrifices to prop up their false beliefs.

Showing them the mercy of the Sebastos is meaningless, for mercy is regarded as weakness by the savages. The correct approach is to point out to them that the Sebastos can easily defeat their false gods, and only the Sebastos is powerful enough to be worthy of worship...

(The following pages have been erased, and cannot be read.)

Aremorica

Once an obscure and unknown tribe, but today the center of power in the northern border region.

Its former ruler, Cunoricus, bent the knee to the empire some twenty years ago. As for its current ruler — the infamous Erinnyes — we know little indeed. From captured slaves, we have learned that she is not the heir of Cunoricus. The latter did originally have a son as well, named Caius. However, we are unsure when and how she became the ruler of Aremorica.

Regardless of how she claims to have been blessed by the false god, she has never demonstrated any abilities surpassing those to be expected of an ordinary mortal. Everything she has done so far amounts to nothing more than using insidious plots and base treachery to commit abhorrent crimes against the Empire and its citizens. Only those who are utterly helpless, teetering on the brink of death would choose to believe in a woman proclaiming to be able to hear the will of the gods and flock to her banner. Just as the exalted Harmost Euergetia said, she simply does not believe in any god at all — for none with faith would commit such atrocities in the name of a god.

(Note by Marius Servius: The name "Erinnyes" is suspected to be the result of a careless error when it was first transcribed, for this name has no meaning in their language. In the script of the people of bygone times, the symbol for the sound "gh" looks quite similar to "y," and so was copied as such. There is precedent for similar mistakes. The proper pronunciation of the name should be "Errighenth of Aremorica" — in the language of the people of bygone times, "Er" signifies "high" while "Righenth" would be the feminine case of "ruler."
From this perspective, the name is perhaps not her praenomen, but rather her title. However, since many scholars already refer to her as "Erinnyes," there is no need for me to assume the authority to revise it.)