Chapter 20
Part 3
How Erinnyes bid farewell to the Mistress of Many Waters, and how she threw her sword into the lake three times.

The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her wish. And so Erinnyes said: 
"Thank you, O Queen of Many Waters, for showing me the Pure Grail I so urgently desired, and for allowing me to complete this journey."
"Those knights who yet survive, your servants, will continue to loyally serve you and your future kingdom, following that noble musician."
"They will pursue the lingering shadows, restoring justice. For those who travel in the dark yearn for the light, while those in the light know nothing of the dark."
"Goodness is nothing but a dream. Thus do I present these good knights to you and beg that you forgive their sins."

The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her wish. And so Erinnyes said:
"O Queen of Many Waters, I confess to you my sins and do not hide my evil, for they are too grave to be forgiven."
"In your high and pure ideals, you must not forgive such sins. The only possible comfort for my soul is expulsion and exile."
"There are no angels or divine edicts. In your kind and loving land, only sin may determine sin, and only people may judge people."
"I ask only that you remember my suffering and witness our grievances. For these are like disease, like a poison."
"I submit my name into your hands, and may all who criticize us be cursed for all eternity for their lack of righteousness."

The knight with sea-colored eyes finished her speech and drew her shining sword. A beam of watery light shone from it and lit the valley.
"Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! How you shine under the blazing sun's beams!"
"You have drunk the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before your purity."
"Countless sins stain my coat, for I bear the guilt of bloodshed. I have taken lives, even that of the righteous, yet still you shine."
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet.
"Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! You are so lovely and sacred, your golden hilt inlaid with jewels."
"Daeira, that maiden by the lake, that noble lady of pure waters, gifted you to the chief of knights so she could perform countless deeds."
"She once used you to conquer Peiregord; she once used you to defeat Aisias. Even the fae of the distant south could not seize you."
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet.
"Oh great Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! By your blade were so many conflicts settled in peace, and the ravages of war laid to rest in these lands."
"One day there shall be one nobler than I, seven times more so, who will lift you again, and they shall do deeds seven times greater."
"How many wondrous days have I spent beside you! Ah! Dawn breaks, yet I have lost the crown of righteousness forever."
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. The sword sank without a trace.
And then she left with the spirit who had been by her side from the start, never again to be seen by any in this world.