"Give me the conch from your hand, and we will trouble you no more,"
Said the handsome young man, who had arrived at the bonfire with his followers, and was now idly fiddling with the blade in his hand.
This was their thirtieth night in the desolate land of exile, which the boys and girls secretly called the "Outlands."
The blade that once felled trees, cut grass, pried open fruits, and silenced a great many not of their group was no longer as sharp as it used to be, and the adults who sought to control them by force had died before ever drawing their own blades from their sheaths.
Now, no one even knew where its scabbard had been thrown.
"Are you sure you want this conch?"
The boy holding the conch was the most diminutive of them all, and hence, they called him "Shorty."
"Yes, I do."
"Why?"
"Do you really need to ask why?" the handsome young man said with a smile. "Didn't 'we' all agree on a rule, Shorty? That whoever is holding the conch has the right to speak?"

Yes, this was the secret pact made by the children around the bonfire, to resist the adults who had made slaves of them.
To survive this desolate land and break free of their grim status as exiles, the children made a pact.
A leader would be chosen from their midst — a child like them, clever and capable of guiding them through hardship. One who would stand with them, yet not fear strength. This was the person who would hold the conch and become the leader of all the boys and girls.
Secreted from the beach during the day's labor right under the adults' noses, proof that they were not infallible.
As childhood fades, so does the belief that elders are all-knowing superhumans. For most, this perhaps leads to some disillusionment. But for these youths, it might not have been the worst thing to learn.
And then...
The ideal order did not arrive. Or rather, the bestial cruelty in the hearts of these children, yet unquenched, was becoming more rampant without anyone to suppress it. For if violence was capable of overthrowing everything, why should those who could wield it not seize everything through it?
This included the conch, and everything it represented in the children's secret pact.

"So you think you can hold the conch?"
"I was the one who put in the most effort, and I also got the most in return. What's more, I'm the one holding the blade now."
"Then you will become the one who commands us all."
"Yes, of course I will become the one who commands you all."
"Just like those adults at the beginning...?"
"Well, that might not sound so bad after all."
Well, if that's the case... As if to answer, the short boy rose from the bonfire, his back to the flames, his face hidden in shadow...
But the handsome young man thought he caught a smirk on the other boy’s face, and a strange unease about the future washed over him. Until that night, he had believed all to be in his grip, like the knife, steady in his hand.
Shorty handed him the conch, and turned to walk into the forest.
After that night, the boy who once held the conch seemed to have vanished into thin air.