Day 137 in the Fortress of Meropide: Fifth Pankration Ring training match.
Today's training match was a total nightmare. I embarrassed myself in front of everyone again...
Blast that freak in the Blubberbeast fighting suit! I can't believe he slipped and used it to roll over and flip me! I hit the back of my head against the railing, and had to be carried out of the arena...
Just what kinda luck does he have!? And what about my luck!?
No! When you think about it, the reason there was water in the arena is because of poor maintenance of the pipelines! It was the maintenance staff who made me lose!
Even if pipeline maintenance workers are just getting by, receiving their daily Credit Coupons salaries and calling it a day, they should at least do the job properly!
...

Day 192 in the Fortress of Meropide: Daily Training
Today's Training Routine: 30 laps of weighted long-distance running, 50 sets of my weightlifting routine, 9 rounds of core exercises, and pummeling the punching bag with 999 crosses!
Today's Meal: Barbeque Ribs, Lasagna, and Minty Bean Soup... Getting a little sick of it, but it's no biggie.
Honestly, the food in the Fortress of Meropide doesn't taste that bad. If the cooks had just a bit more finesse, there wouldn't be much to complain about at all.
They should add a few desserts, like iced Coffee Bavarois... Reckon it's called "Smeshnayan" or something... Anyway, the name doesn't matter!
If they did, I'd be up for staying here for a few more years!
...

Day 208 in the Fortress of Meropide: Tenth Pankration Ring training match.
It took all that to make it into the top 4, but the Credit Coupon prize couldn't even buy a Bird Egg!
Though it wasn't like the day was completely wasted...
Roussimoff smeared spicy sauce on his Garlic Baguette, took a few bites, and got KO'd by a stomachache.
Rumor also has it that the guy would even catch a cold when hit by Cryo, gets disoriented by Pyro, and can even get heatstroke while in water that's not exposed to the sun...
Guess he has weaknesses after all!
Maybe he gave up on adapting to the elements and focused solely on raw strength instead.
...

Day 240 in the Fortress of Meropide: Daily training
Today's Training Routine: 45 laps of weighted long-distance running, 65 sets of my weightlifting routine, 12 rounds of core exercises, and pummeling the punching bag with 1111 crosses!
Today's Meal: Barbeque Ribs, Lasagna, and Minty Bean Soup... Same old, same old. But to pack on the muscle, I'll bear it.
Sore muscles, can't bend over, and I'm out of Credit Coupons...
I only signed up for the Pankration Ring to earn some Credit Coupons, but ended up spending them all on improving my diet...
Is there something wrong with me?
Not that I care, anyway!
Since I've already put so much into it, the priority now is to win the training match title. Just have to hang on a little longer!
...
