"Run, run."
Perroux was like a gust of wind in a black cloak.
"Run, run."
Following the spiral staircase upward, he ran towards the Feline Firm's exit.
Just where did those magical cat boots go? Perroux knew not; all he did know was that he ran as swiftly as agilely as a cat, and he also saw the world from below like a cat.
Where did the mysterious cat mask go? The answer gradually became clear to Perroux.
The boots and mask had become a part of him, or rather, he had become a cat! As he had been wearing the coachman's white gloves, he was now a piebald cat!
"Run, run..."
Who was saying that?
Perroux tilted his head, and the tabby with his bowtie and the longhair with white satin trailing her were beside him, running one behind the other.
"Run, run... Monsieur Perroux, please, drive us to the port on that carriage!"

Behind them, cats were jumping up and down, tearing off the decorative ribbons. The wine and salad upon the banquet table had been knocked over, and the entire mess had stopped the Master in his tracks.
"My longhair, come back~"
None heeded the Master's cries.
With things being as they were, all he could do was take the tabby and the longhair to the port safely. Perroux simply couldn't deal with anything else, and besides, cats have small paws, so they can only handle one thing at a time.
*Pitter-patter, plip plop* It began to rain outside, and lightning flashed.
In the pitch-black night, there was but a brief moment of illumination before the rumble of thunder rolled in, and only that one small door was still open, without a single guard.
They were probably hiding from the rain.
Countless whirlpools swirled upon the surface of the lake upon which the ship was docked. If you didn't look too carefully, you might think it but a shadow of the bridge. But for Perroux, who now had the exceptional vision of a cat, it was immediately apparent.
Holding the wedding gifts from the full-sleeve cat, the tabby grabbed the longhair and jumped from the carriage, swishing through the air and onto the boat in an instant.
"It is all thanks to you! Monsieur Perroux..." The tabby gave a rare show of respect, genuinely bowing.
"Now away, ere the Master catches up!"
Go, go, go to that cat shrine.
Go, go, live a life of joy.
Moved by having accomplished something so great in secret, tears began to flow from Perroux's eyes.
Though he still didn't know just how he was going to live as a cat.