Here is chronicled the story of how that wisest sage in all of history, Waxaklahun Ubah Kan, the one known as the Sage of the Stolen Fire, and how the tribe living upon Hanan Pacha, which he built, rose up and then was scattered.

Like many of the most ancient stories, it begins in the age when the stars and the moon held the sky, the dragons ruled the land, and Lord of the Night ruled the night realm.

The people then were ignorant, and wandered the barren lands. The first Pyro Archon had not yet been born, and so none yet had Visions, could do naught but be controlled by the elements.

Until Waxaklahun Ubah Kan brought back the kindling of phlogiston from the red and black land. Only then did humanity gain the power to vie with wild beasts and fell dragons.

Now, astute listeners might already be wondering, as a human, how could the Sage Waxaklahun Ubah Kan steal the phlogiston kindling from the claws of the evil dragons?

That is precisely the first story I am going to tell.

Legends tell us that long, long ago, in the red and black lands, there lived a winged dragon. That dragon was the scion of the great lord of the volcano, Xiuhcoatl.

In some versions of the story, it is said he was none other than Xiuhcoatl himself, but the gods only know what kind of storyteller would make such a mistake. After all, who could forget that the one who defeated Xiuhcoatl was the very first Pyro Archon, Xbalanque himself. How could things have been resolved at a point so early in the story?

Anyway, when the great lord of the volcano fell into deep slumber, this vain winged dragon claimed the treasures that once belonged to the former, and proclaimed itself to be the lone king.

Among those treasures, one of the most striking was known as "Pyrophosphorite." That was a crystal refined of the primal fire in the depths of the great volcano, and its color was that of an ever-shifting rainbow, shining with dazzling light.

Illuminated by this radiance, the winged dragon itself became bewitchingly brilliant.

"Gaze upon me and see how beautiful I am! My light illuminates the world, and I am the sun of this land."

So spake the winged dragon. But he was no sun, and his beauty was nothing but the reflection of the Pyrophosphorite's light. And in turn, that light did no more than illuminate the red and black lands in which it dwelt.

Perhaps it was the vanity of the winged dragon that offended the Lord of the Night, for he sent the Sage Waxaklahun Ubah Kan to defeat him. But perhaps that seemed not enough to some, and so the gods sent the fool, Chaac, with him.

Under the protection of the Lord of the Night, the two arrived in the red and black lands, and far away, they saw that radiant winged dragon. Waxaklahun Ubah Kan was in no hurry to rush onward, but rather made a blowdart from bamboo, and struck the winged dragon's eye with a single shot.

Chaac watched with glee, and was about to charge up to capture the winged dragon, but was restrained by the Sage.

"Foolish Chaac, though one eye is now blinded, he still possesses limitless power. With your human body, just how do you intend to contend with him?"

The wise Waxaklahun Ubah Kan thought up a better plan.

The wounded winged dragon returned to its cave to hide, and so the Sage Waxaklahun Ubah Kan and the fool Chaac disguised themselves as doctors and entered the cave.

"My word! How glorious you are! How splendid and radiant! Ah, but what a shame that you cannot see yourself, and neither can the masses behold your beauty."

Waxaklahun Ubah Kan praised him.

"It's all because a few days ago, some despicable maggot shot and blinded my eye. That is why I can but hide in this cave."

"Now that is truly serendipitous! We happen to be traveling doctors specializing in curing eye diseases. In my opinion, if you replace your eye with a bright gem, you will once more be able to see the light," said the Sage. "And not only that, but we can even replace your fangs and claws with gems, that you would surely shine a dozen times more brightly than you already do."

Hearing these words, the conceited winged dragon could not help but fantasize about how beautiful it would be when it was twelve times more radiant. It happily agreed without stopping to think about it in any detail.

And so the Sage and the fool Chaac took out the grainfruit they had earlier prepared, and one by one replaced the winged dragon's eyes, fangs, and claws with grainfruit.

Ah, the poor winged dragon! Not only was his eye not healed, but by the time he realized he had been tricked, he couldn't even eat those two little humans! And so he died in a daze, and the Pyrophosphorite fell into the hands of Waxaklahun Ubah Kan.

The fool, Chaac, thought they should offer the treasure to the Lord of the Night, but the wise Waxaklahun Ubah Kan had a different idea.

He knew that the dragons that ruled the land possessed power far beyond that of humanity, but did not necessarily have more wisdom. And the secret to power lay within that Pyrophosphorite.

And so he broke it open, and vast power poured forth. The Sage Waxaklahun Ubah Kan thus gained the power of dragons — that which is known as "Phlogiston."