The Yumekui-Baku

A long, long time ago, there lived an elderly couple near Konda Village. Although they were poor and their lives were hard, they remained compassionate, and so earned the respect of their neighbors.

One snowy day in winter, the old man of the house went into the mountains to gather firewood. He came across a plump little beast entangled in a hunting trap. No matter how much it struggled, it could not break free. It could only squeal in distress — a heart-wrenching sight, if ever there was one.

"Poor thing!" the old man thought, his heart full of sympathy. "How unfortunate for such a young boar to be caught in a hunter's trap like this. So small, it wouldn't even make a good meal... What a waste of life. Let me lend you a hand!"

So the old man put down his axe and helped the wild boar undo the ropes that had caught it by the trotters. The little boar squealed and ran several joyful laps around the old man, before running back into the forest.

After collecting enough firewood and returning home, the old man told his wife about what had happened. She was pleased to hear it, and said: "Well done, dear! Once that wild boar grows up nice and fat, we'll catch it and have ourselves a feast!"

That night, the elderly couple were just about to sleep when they heard a knocking at the door, along with the gentle, mellifluous voice of a young woman:

"Excuse me! Is anyone home?"

How could there be someone outside in a snowstorm as harsh as this? The old woman rushed to throw open the door, revealing a girl who looked to be around seventeen or eighteen years old, braving the wind and snow. Her beauty was striking — though dressed in humble garb, she had a natural radiance, not unlike an adeptus straight out of a Liyue fable. Seeing this, the old woman was overwhelmed with pity, and cried out:

"Mercy me! Such snow, you must be freezing! Come inside, let's get you all warmed up. I don't know whose daughter you are, young lass, but what brings you here so late?"

"I'm truly sorry to disturb you at such a late hour. My parents, unfortunately, have passed away. According to their will, I was to seek out a friend of my father's... But I didn't expect to run into weather like this, and I ended up getting lost in the snowstorm. If you two would be so kind as to let me stay the night... I don't mind sleeping in the corridor, or even in a storeroom."

Hearing her story, the elderly couple took pity upon the poor girl, and let her stay in their house, giving her both food and a bed to sleep in. Perhaps because of this good deed, both the old man and woman were graced with beautiful dreams that night.

In the days that followed, the snowstorm did not cease, and the elderly couple continued to let the young girl live with them. During this time, the girl tended to the couple's daily needs. Both diligent and considerate, she completed each task with meticulous attention to detail. The old man and woman were delighted.

One day, the girl suddenly said to the elderly couple:

"As I mentioned, before my parents passed away, they entrusted me to a friend of my father's. Yet though they are a family friend, I have never met them. I don't know what kind of person they are, or if they're willing to accept a burden like me into their life. You've taken such good care of me all this time, and I don't know how I could ever repay the favor. If you would not object, I would love to be taken in as your daughter. Although I'm just an ordinary girl, I'm willing to do my best, however little that may be, to look after the two of you from here on out."

Hearing her words, the elderly couple were overjoyed. Having no children of their own, they had suddenly gained a daughter who was both intelligent and considerate. They could ask for no better blessing. From then on, the old man and woman treated the girl as if she were their own daughter, and she returned the favor in kind. Whether in front of others or in private with her new family, she was the very picture of filial piety.

After some time, one morning, the girl offered the elderly couple a tray of irresistibly delicious-looking pastries, the likes of which they had never seen before. She said:

"While you were sleeping, I made a little something, following a recipe passed down by my family. Please, take these pastries to the town and sell them in the market — I'm sure they'll be very popular."

Just like the girl had said, the miracle pastries were a roaring success among the wealthy merchants of the town, and sold for a fittingly high price. From then on, every morning, the girl would make some pastries for the elderly couple to sell. With the profits rolling in, the family began to prosper.

After this had happened several times, the elderly couple could not help but be curious. How could their daughter make such exquisite delicacies when all they had in their house was flour, and ordinary flour at that? Eventually, they could no longer contain their curiosity. That night, when the girl was making her pastries, they spied on her through a crack in the door. Yet their adopted daughter was nowhere to be seen; only a plump little beast, using its snubby nose to snatch floating dreams out of the air, then turning them into pastries. The elderly couple were shocked, and the little beast, sensing their presence, quickly reverted to the familiar form of their daughter. Throwing herself down at their feet, she cried:

"I am terribly sorry to have frightened you, my dear benefactors! Since you have already seen my true form, I shall not keep my secret any longer. In truth, I am the baku that you rescued on the mountain, all those days past. In order to repay your kindness, I took on the appearance of a young girl and sought you out. I've been taking your nightmares and turning them into pastries, so that you may sell them for a good price."

"Oh my!" cried the old man. "You're that wild boar from back then!"

"Firstly, I am a baku — well, technically speaking, a 'mo' — from Liyue, not a wild boar. Secondly, since you now know my true form, if word of this spreads, my mistress — the one who oversees countless sweet dreams and nightmares — will surely not look kindly upon my recklessness. The two of you might also be implicated because of me. I am truly grateful for all the care you've shown me in the days I've been here, and I am sorry for having caused you such trouble. Even so, my wish to become your daughter was sincere... Though I am afraid such a request is likely impossible in this lifetime. So please, allow me to bid you farewell."

"A baku, you say? A mo...? Nope, never heard of it. Ah, I don't care if you're a human or a wild boar, you're still our darling daughter!"

"I am truly thankful for your kind words. But if others learn that there is a baku here, it might spell disaster in the near future. Also, I am a baku, not a wild boar."

"Bah, what's that got to do with anything? If you don't tell anyone, nobody'll even know you're a... What was it again? Bakumo, right? Also, rearing wild boars is hardly something out of place around here!"

"That does make sense, when you put it like that. But remember, I am a baku, not a wild boar."

And just like that, the young baku stayed by the elderly couple's side. With their daughter's delicious pastries to sell, the old man and woman spent their twilight years in comfort and prosperity. And they all lived happily ever after.