Oh, my brothers, my children, listen well,
Listen well to my name — Djeli Mamoudou of the Children of Echoes.
A singer am I of our tribe, a herald of epic tales.
From Bilali, that first singer of sagas, does my line begin,
And Keitan Kouyate and Bintu Kouyate are my forebears.
Bilali it was who once followed a wandering sage to learn ancient verses,
And the Kouyates wove the ancient texts into carpets and felt tents.

My mind comprehends the dragon-lords and barbarian kings of benighted ages,
My tongue can engage the most verbose Monetoo in verse,
My stories illuminate many truths, my words purify more falsehoods,
For stories cleanse untruths and become history, clear as a crystal mirror.
Such mirrors gleam with rainbow light from ancient days, but darkness too is dazzling,
Like a glimmer in the unfathomable eyes of the dead.
History teaches the survivors, but stories are rooted in those who have passed...
As surely as gems of the future must spring from the veins of the past.

So come, hear me sing, hear me tell of this hero,
Listen as I chant the soul-song of the children of the wild bull, the children of the rhinoceros.
I shall tell you of Magan Sundjatta, his deeds, and his fate,
I shall speak of Mali Djata's burdens and passion,
I shall sing praise of Sogolon Djata's illustrious reputation,
And of Nare Magan Djata's final battle against the great enemy...
Oh, which hero has ever possessed so many titles?
Neither the darkest magic nor the foulest wraith could hurt him!

My brothers, my progeny, proud Children of Echoes,
Listen, and I shall tell you of a hundred thousand barbarian kings, now forgotten,
Harken as I tell you of their defeat at Sundjatta's hands,
And how, once conquered, they fought by his side,
Let me speak of how foes become friends, how savagery may yet birth goodwill...
Let me tell of how the pitch-dark armies came forth like a mountain,
And how they dissolved before Sundjatta's might,
For this is a tale of great deeds once unrecorded, sacrifices misunderstood...