...
"This is it." Two muskets pointed at the Baron's head. The sound of the blood dripping from one of the guns served as a countdown for the noble's life. "Splat, splat, splat..."
"Useless trash." The Baron cursed in his mind while staring at the guards on the floor behind the two shooters. "I paid them so much money... for nothing!"
"Do you know who we are?" One of the shooters asked.
"So what if I do?"
"You can tell the judge of hell who sent you there."
The storm washed over his face, eyes, and ears, but the sound of the dripping blood was crystal clear. Splat, splat, splat...
"...I know who you are. Iris... Tulipe... My children." spoke the Baron. He was done resisting. On this stormy night, crumpled on the muddy ground, he was tired.
Tulipe spat.
"How dare you call yourself our father! I wonder what the look on your face was when you killed Mother twenty years ago — when you forced her to take poison."
The Baron sighed and closed his eyes, recalling what had happened then. To his surprise, it was effortless.
Her eyes emerged suddenly before his eyes.
How could he not have fallen in love with her?
Her wondrous silhouette, her melodious laughter... From one room to the next, she had stolen glances at him.
Her brown eyes, deep as a serene lake, shone like the night stars.
How could he have turned her down?
"Will you marry me?" Looking into her eyes, he could not say no.
How, then, could she betray him?
Why had she asked for more, thinking that he would elope with her?
Splat, splat, splat...
"She asked for too much..." the Baron said, opening his eyes.
"Mother never asked for anything. She just wanted to live a quiet life like everyone else," Iris argued. Blood dripped from the grip of her musket, but her hand did not tremble.
"She asked me to give up my wealth and run away with her!" the Baron roared. He was sure that his children didn't understand the idea of wealth and power.
"She asked you to give up your vanity, and give her true love instead, just as you had promised to," said Iris.
"You would have made the same choice were you in my shoes!"
"No," said Tulipe with conviction, "we would not kill our loved ones for wealth and power. Only the devil is capable of doing that."
The Baron shook his head. He no longer wished to argue.
Splat, splat, splat...
"What is the point of this?" he asked himself and the shooters both.
"You lost your mother, and you're about to kill your father. What else will you have left, besides your crime?"
Iris and Tulipe looked at each other. There was no hesitation in their eyes.
"Justice."
Two shots rang out, like thunder roaring through the night. Every drop of rain shivered in shock.
They stood in the rain, unmoving. The storm battered the city, but nothing was louder than their silence.
After a long time, Iris took out a Rainbow Rose and placed it on the Baron's chest. Then, falling into her brother's arms, she wept. The rain washed away her tears, and the mixture flowed freely into the earth, toward the realm of the dead...
Then, her body suddenly shook as she grabbed Tulipe's clothes.
"What's wrong, Iris?"
"Look." she pointed at the Rainbow Rose she just put down. It bloomed quietly in the dark, as vibrant as the Baron's blood.
"Mother's favorite flower... is blooming."

—The Two Musketeers, pg. 358.