It is as they say, that many who are wise are not of noble birth.
So too had Sundjatta's lineage never been tainted by ancient royalty.
The old tales have faded like salt rivers in a darkened mine,
Leaving but shimmering crystals of truth for poets to reveal.
So it is with Sundjatta, and many are the account of his birth.
Close friends may desire to embellish, and amongst enemies one shall find a lack of praise.
What were the names of his parents? Which tribe were they from?
Ask the pale light of three moons, and still you shall have no answer.

Story and song say Sundjatta was born blessed by the stars of dawn.
No beauty his mother, no strongman his father,
But the celestial watcher-stars care not for mortal appearance,
For to weave the fate of heaven and earth alone is duty eternal, a task divine.
Mbande was chief of our tribe when Sundjatta was young,
Black-Jade Mbande, who was the mother of mines and gems,
T'was she who chose him to be our tribe's hero.
And thus did his story begin, the hero great, the miner mighty.

When young Sundjatta began his career in the mines,
The mountain-carving hammers were larger than his whole body.
Yet he wielded them as though he were the wind itself,
So much so that heroes cried out, "The mine! It's about to collapse!"
"Haha! Brothers, sisters, do not be afraid!"
"'Tis merely my hammer summoning up a gale. See? A whoop, and a whoosh!"
Thus did he swing on, chiseling into the great mountain, sparks flying from the hammer's handle,
And they all looked on in joy and fear, as the champion's laurels he claimed!

When Lady Mbande returned to the Lord of the Night's embrace,
Sundjatta was already a young man, robust beyond his years.
On the night when a chief was to be elected, he left the tribe alone,
Tribal champion though he was, Sundjatta aspired not to power,
But instead sought to find a proud testament to his existence as one of us,
Resolute was he, striking out on an adventure toward lands distant and foreign,
Yet his passion was misunderstood by his tribespeople, who regarded him as a runaway, a traitor...