Chapter 6
Part 7
How the emissary of King Remus came to Erinnyes, asking her for a gift of Aremori Castle's water and earth, and for her to submit to the Sumphonia Capitolii (which means "the eternal harmony").

Of the glorious deeds of Otkerus of Rhenanie, a righteous and noble knight, and his valiant battle against a venom-breathing dragon,
Much has already been said earlier that we shall draw to a close here. Now, we shall look back and talk of Erinnyes in those days.

At the time, Erinnyes had just defeated the princes of Bellouacoi, Atrebatis, and Uiromanduoi, and accepted their allegiance.
And so the residents of those lands knew of the kindness of the Mistress of Many Waters, submitting to her rule with sincerity.
To celebrate that fealty and wisdom, eight days of feasting were ordered in Aremori Castle, with all to be treated as honored guests.

On that day, a musician arrived, an emissary dispatched by King Remus of Capitolii, claiming to have a message to deliver.
He came with no attendants or guards, just a single horse, and a golden-tipped fasces as a symbol of his status.
Everyone present was deeply displeased, but the emissary was permitted to speak out of respect for Erinnyes, the beloved leader of the knights.
On seeing Erinnyes, the emissary first wished her well and performed a formal bow, before explaining his intent. 

"I represent the most honorable and greatest King Remus, emperor of all, and send my regards to your court."
"May your anger never destroy your powers of reasoning. King Remus asks of you two gifts, as legitimate tribute."
"The first is water, for the purest of waters can wash away all sins. The second is earth, for dense earth can resist the erosion that looms."
"King Remus expects you and your people to honor his wishes. Should you dare resist, death shall be sure to follow."

The emissary's message sent Sir Guillaume of Gellone into a rage, and he drew the sacred blade Narbonnais from its scabbard.
"Cease, you braggart! To make such threats on this occasion is an insult to every knight here."
"And if you mean to threaten my sworn liege, there is no need for me to hold back. I shall have your head, sir, in a single stroke!"
More of the brave knights drew their swords, including Knight Blancandrin and his compatriot Knight Marsile.

But the wise Knight Erinnyes gave an order to the knights present: the emissary from Capitoliani was not to be harmed.
"Please, tell King Remus, great emissary, that in this whole world, there is only one to whom we bend the knee."
"And that is the beneficent Mistress of Many Waters, our mistress, who bears for us our sins, the greatest and most honorable ruler."
"No other ruler or god can be spoken of in the same breath, for she is greatest in kindness and first in glory."

On hearing that, King Remus's emissary again spoke, saying this before all gathered there:
"Before King Remus conquered the land, war, hunger or plague often descended upon us."
"Those who once fought against each other have been brought to peace under a single ruler, and this is wisdom."
"For otherwise, who shall mourn when the waters flow over our heads? And who shall save us in our hour of need?"
"Of all these braves, who has rescued themselves from ignorance and superstition? Who hears the cries of the weak?"
"King Remus's orders are well-meant and born of pity. He does not wish to see a single person fall into the waters. He would see all saved."