(A note already yellowed with age. The handwriting is rather messy.)
...
This is a diary, a journal used to organize my thoughts.
But why do I have to write these notes? I can't quite remember. Haha, but maybe that's exactly why I have to write them...
Before I start, I need to write down a few things to make sure I don't forget:
"Oi, 'Cartographer,' 'Slippery 'Un,' this is my journal, so you two brats better not be reading this! If I catch you, there'll be hell to pay!"
...
Now I can get down to business.
It's strange, honestly, there's this strange creature that's always been circling around me. The way it acts makes me think it's somehow very familiar with me.
But I don't remember ever running into it, or where I could've possibly encountered it.
If only it could talk... Maybe then, I'd be able to get some information from it.
Luckily, this old dog knows how to act, so it shouldn't have realized that I don't remember it. It'd break my heart to make a cute lil' thing like that sad. Or maybe it doesn't care at all...
Speaking of this lil' thing, those two brats seemed to call it an "Asha." From where I'm sitting, it's like a small animal that has very simple yet straightforward emotions.
In essence, whatever emotion it's feeling determines the color it creates in its body. Anger and anxiety give red, sadness mostly gives blue, and happiness gives us yellow.
I suppose that means the colors are how Asha directly express their emotions.
Of course, the color palette of this little creature is incomplete. For some reason, it can't produce any purple, which is a shame. I'm sure an Asha's purple pigment would differ from ordinary ones...
I'd love to see it.
...
There are differences, even between Asha...
The Asha with me... It's even more special. It's like there's some invisible bond tying us together...
I know it, and I know I can understand its emotions, along with some of its simple thoughts. I know why it moves the way it does, and sometimes... I think I can almost see an expression on its face.
Can Asha even make expressions?
Sometimes... I feel like it can feel my emotions. It uses some other method to make contact with me, to understand me...
When I've forgotten too much, and when I can't... even speak properly, it still finds some different way to communicate with me.
Even though my memory's all in tatters, I still remember... "Color is the art of collision and contrast — a language of intense emotion, an extension and transmission of memory."
I don't know who even said that... Maybe it's because I'm close with the Asha. Maybe that's why it can understand me, that's why it can... form those... colors?
Then why can't it make... purple? Is it because purple is too complicated...? Purple... a contradiction, an entanglement, a dream, a long plunge... It's the sky at nightfall when the stars are yet to wake.
Or maybe it's the only color an old man who's about to forget everything can still cling on to...
...
But why does my brain keep telling me that the Asha's soul and mine are connected...?
Ah, right, I remember them telling me I was some sort of famous priest in my youth... Was I...?
Those memories of priesthood are buried under layers and layers of fog... I'm not sure if that was ever me anymore.
"This is an attempt at archaic thaumaturgy and an experiment on whether Phlogiston-based life can transmit memory."
In my memories, I hear my voice, saying those words... to me...
But... what does it all mean?


(A few lines of small print follow...)
I might have forgotten many things, "Slippery 'Un," but I know darn well that you don't listen to a word I say. I'm sure you've secretly read this journal.
There are too many things I can't figure out, and I have too little time left to think about them... But if it's you, and "Cartographer"... perhaps you can find an answer...
"Cartographer" can be a little clumsy, but he has a pure heart. I'm sure he'll one day find his own colors, so I'm not worried about him. I want him to take care of the Asha.
But you, "Slippery 'Un," you're clever. Much too clever, even. You have far too many questions you wish to answer, far too many contradictions to resolve, and far too long a road ahead.
As I am now, I certainly cannot provide those answers.
I can only repeat to you the words I still remember: "Color is the art of collision and contrast — a language of intense emotion, an extension and transmission of memory."
A person's colors are always shaped by the path they have walked. I hope you take fewer detours and find your own "colors" soon...
