<center><color=#FF5E41FF>Secure communication channel established...</color>

<color=#FF5E41FF>Loading data...</color>

<color=#00E1FFFF>Access granted. Wishing you a wonderful day in the post-apocalyptic world, Researcher Grazina.</color></center>

[Private Journal of Senior Researcher Grazina Myklukho]

Morozov is dead.

So many innocent people died by his hands... So many innocent people died because of my foolishness, all for a lie that he didn't even believe himself.

I don't know who Rotwang is, and I don't know what kind of wretched plans they had. Nor do I want to know. All I know is that their blood is on my hands as well — simply because I believed their lies, because I trusted that they could truly offer a final refuge for good people.

Why didn't I realize it? When the pipelines were first added, I should have seen that they could just as easily be used to carry the Abyss's corruption, allowing Morozov to fabricate the illusion that The Outside World had long since been utterly destroyed by the Abyss.

But I didn't think of that.

Countless people, countless people who believed in me... No matter what Brahe Reed Miller says...

They all died because of me.

Brahe Reed Miller said that the Abyssal corruption here cannot be eliminated overnight, and Morozov, like Rotwang, would one day be resurrected as a mindless monster despite having lost all sanity and humanity, until the hero prophesied by the Frostmoon Scions' Moonchanter (What is this? Don't those strange people only have an archpriestess?) destroys it completely. Until then, it will forever wander these Abyss-corroded ruins, devouring the flesh and blood of those who stray in here.

I can't turn off the bunker broadcast signal he left behind, nor can I close the bunker gates that he left permanently open. Directly destroying this place would cause the Abyss corruption to spread, so I can only pray that no one will ever set foot here again.

So, I declined his offer to take me away, choosing instead to stay behind. Both to prevent Morozov's resurrection and keep innocent people from entering this place.

I can't face those surviving children anymore. What should I say if Lily asks me again when Payva's illness will be cured?

Those who repeat lies... deserve to be buried in the apocalypse alongside those who weave them.

Brahe Reed Miller seemed deeply interested in the plants that could cleanse the Abyssal Calamity, so I asked him to help me take the specimens out. When he asked why I hadn’t named them, I thought about it and realized I didn’t know myself. Perhaps I simply couldn’t bring myself to confront the truth of our experiments. In response, he said that he, a master thief, would steal the naming rights. In the end, he called them Mandragora. A fictional plant in the legends from the Far North that Miss Alia had once told him about, so he claims. In the language of flowers, Mandragoras symbolize happiness and hope.

He can have his way. I no longer have the right to protest this bitter irony.