"My help?" Perroux's eyes widened once more.
The tabby solemnly nodded. "And it must be you, and none other.

"In the house of the master you serve, there is a long-haired cat, is there not?"
"Oh, that snow-white, noble-looking longhair!"
It was well known to Perroux that the Master adored that cat, and it was as precious to him as life itself. Her sea-green eyes, like those of a princess of yore, were oft looking askance at people as she carefully groomed herself from whisker to tail with her peach-pink tongue, like a heron preening its feathers by the water.
Whether taking his meals, his rest, or out on appointments, the Master always kept that cat by his side.
"As for me, I'm going to get married to the long-haired cat, it's already been settled!"
"Oh, married, that's... What? Ma—Ma—Married!?"
In a whisker's twitch, Perroux became even more flustered than the firewood cat. "Th—Then how will you live together? Cats like her aren't the type to live like strays, you know!"
"You needn't worry about that. After we are wed, we shall move to a shrine in a faraway land. I have heard that it is a cat shrine, and the people there worship cats like gods, and thus we shall worry for neither food nor drink..."
"But th—th—that simply won't do! The Master will never let his longhair leave..." Perroux continued to stammer out his response.
"So, Monsieur Perroux, that is precisely why we need you."
The tabby jumped onto the cabinet, his golden eyes fixed on Perroux.
"But I'm no respected gentleman, only a... lowly bellboy."
Perroux kept waving his hands about together.
"If I were to steal his cat... If the Master knew, not only would I lose my job, I would certainly be taken to court..."
"No, no, you misunderstand, Monsieur Perroux!"
The tabby showed a mysterious grin, the whiskers around its mouth trembling in the semblance of a smile.
"We were never even considering asking you to steal, good sir. Cats are magical creatures, and we... have other ways..."

Having spoken, the tabby whistled.
And the full-sleeve and calico cats pulled out a pair of boots and a mask respectively, as if by magic.
"These are magical cat boots and a mysterious cat mask.
"Come now! Try them on!"
Perroux had no choice but to take the treasures.
But wait, though the boots seemed small, the moment he pulled them on, they became comfortable and fit snugly.
And as he walked, he felt so light, as if he were tip-toeing...
Putting on the mask, he tried to open his mouth to speak, but now some long, difficult-to-distinguishable trills accompanied the sound, and it sounded nothing like his own voice.
"This is cat magic," the tabby cheerfully said, "As long as you wear these two items, none will recognize you.
"All you need do is go home as always, and have yourself a good night's sleep.
"After three days, bring the longhair cat and your Master both to the Feline Firm in accordance with our instructions! Remember, three days hence!
"You mustn't forget!"