...My mind is made up. I shall accept the remains of the innocent, along with the throne promised by the heavens, if only to ensure that the sacrifices of the survivors and the forgotten shall never be in vain...
...In those days, neither The Saint nor the people of the golden realm knew that the will which once ruled the ancient universe had not yet been extinguished, and thus none could ascend the throne they had prepared. Yet, the spark they kindled has borne fruit thousands of years hence. That fruit was I — the posthumous child of that primordial first light...
...The throne bestowed by the heavens has proven to be far heavier than I had ever imagined, and it is only after claiming it that I finally understand that bitter expression on his face... When I first passed through the passage, ■■■■ could not reveal the secrets of ages past to me, for he bore the very same shackles that now bind me. Even so, I do not regret my decision, for this has always been my calling, the very purpose for which I was born upon this rock...
...The most glorious and the most base alike have been swept away, their memories erased by that Artificer who toys with living beings. In that eternal tyranny, history has been reduced to a blank slate time and again, until all progress, all that might be further built upon, and future itself have been rendered forever impossible...
...And so, to those who endure: never forget. Never forget either the great or the nameless, each of whom has offered up a sacrifice of their own. The "today" in which we now live shall one day become history, and when the future at last arrives, all shall be able , as I have, to look back upon the millennia of turmoil that came before and recount their tale. It is my hope that, when that day comes, none shall be forced to sift through dust and ruins in search of the faintest traces of the past, and that the names of those heroes shall instead live on in the songs of the people...
...as they sing in praise of that transcendence left unfulfilled, and of the dream in which so many had once placed their hopes...