In the days after Rex Lapis brought peace to mountain and forest, a mariner once entered the crisscrossed streams beneath the mountain and became lost in the damp dusk fog. On a bamboo raft, this person passed waterweeds that glowed a faint blue and purple, passed tree and bush bedecked in falling flowers, and followed azure avians never before seen even in dreams, before coming unto and into the cavern of slumber.
Through the jade glow and the ghostly light of fungi, the mariner gazed with entranced eyes upon the inhabitants of old. A veritable parade of mountain ghosts they seemed — in ancient cotton robes they were garbed, and the hems of their clothes were adorned with jade as clear as light playing upon the water, and with nameless fragrant plants. Lined up and standing on the bank of a deep pool, they sang a song the mariner had never heard before:
"How mine malice lurks lonesome in the dying light of day! How the hateful wind bears the rain, how the deep fog veils!"
"None remain save a lone lord lamenting lost years — alas, alas! You came too late."
Sad was the song and quiet, tinged with seeming resentment. The mariner looked closely at the faintly glowing figures in the cavern, and lo, one by one they removed their jades and threw them into the pitch-black pool, as if never having noticed the presence of a visitor at all. Descending despondency drove the mariner's paddle on the return journey to Qiaoying Village, but not before leaving markings along the path.
It is said that Yuehai Pavilion would later send surveyors here to search for any mysterious settlements, and some also say that the Millelith once deployed troops into the deep mountains to search for any hideouts of illicit nature, but all without success. When Lan Jing, the famed doctor from Yilong Wharf, was yet a youth, he entered Mt. Lingmeng to explore the legendary, mysterious cavern in search of ancient prescriptions, but after his return, he would never again speak of the matter. It was only following his passing that his family found an inkstone within his personal effects. Legend has it that it was the color of clear waters and bright as the high heavens, and yet, with the doctor's death, the origins of this inkstone could no longer be verified. Much later, the descendants of this famous physician would go bankrupt due to poor management of their merchant shipping business, and thus was this inkstone lost amidst the morass of humanity, its whereabouts unknown thereafter.