Sundjatta, who had lost his good name by voluntarily embarking on an adventurous journey,
Headed to the distant lava lake, letting the scorching waves burn his body.
This burning lake has now cooled, and dragons play havoc there no more,
But in those days, it was the abode ruled by the evil dragon Lukwata,
One of the few survivors of the ancient dragon race,
Who, with malice in its heart, sought ever to restore ancient draconic tyranny.
The ancient war, which had rocked both heaven and earth, had destroyed its tribe,
But it hid in a dark, rocky cave, thus evading utter devastation.

Without servants to wait upon it, Lukwata had grown decrepit,
Eyes scorched blind by sulfur's breath, mind becoming dull and frenzied.
Inextricably trapped in a delirious dream of battle against heavenly envoys, clinging to life,
Unaware of the human epoch that had come upon Natlan.
So when a tiny slave came to its hideout and issued a challenge,
The ancient dragon arose in fury, coughing and retching, hurling curses unceasingly,
Along with which spewed flames and sulfur from its maw,
"You insolent wretch! You dare disturb my royal slumber!?"

Sundjatta saw that the vile dragon of legend had long become doddering and deranged,
That it would claim a Sovereign's title while forgetting its race.
So he burst into laughter, hoisting his massive hammer, and mocked the enfeebled drake:
"I am merely a nameless miner, not some contemptible knave."
"Just as you are no king — merely a tottering lizard!"
Rage surged in Lukwata's throat upon hearing these words, and with more wild retching,
It spat forth filthy, scorching lava, billowing forth plumes of pitch-black smoke,
At which Sundjatta did not even frown, instead swinging his heavy hammer down on the old drake.

Old and infirm was Lukwata, yet when enraged it remained terrifyingly formidable,
And as the great heat of the magma scorched Sundjatta's hair and eyebrows,
The dragon's fierce venom again seeped into flesh and viscera, the unbearable agony burning deep,
And its massive yellowed fangs left festering wounds, while sharpened claws tore open old scars.
Yet on and on Sundjatta swung, enduring tremendous pain,
Until the dragon's craggy head split open, until the hammer-storm blew the black smog away.
And when the elder dragon's soul had been scattered to the winds, and the magma lake had cooled by half,
Sundjatta lay down, contented — truly now did he deserve a hero's name!