So, the little witch found the great demon king. I'm sure you all remember that killi— defeating more demon kings causes witches to grow stronger. As such, the little witch was actually already amazingly powerful now! The great demon king was simply no match for her.
"Can you really kill a being that looks like a human and has intelligence?" Shouted the great demon king in desperation.
"You're right. I didn't really intend to do anything to you anyway," said the little witch. "I've never forgotten that my goal is to find the 'undying fire.' Researching, observing, and defeating demon kings was never even a means to the end, but rather just the building of a basic level of power."
Then, she used — sorry, I don't know magic or mysticism — some super powerful awesome technique to bind the great demon king, and brought it back to the largest nearby city.

As a trainee of the Western witches who had come out to take her exam, she naturally had credentials that proved her identity. This provided her convenient passage through the many mortal kingdoms — such things were also proven to be immensely hard to forge, thus avoiding the possibility of any cliche plotlines.
This actually presented the mayor of the city with a conundrum — ah yes, this is a good time to say that this nation was a loose confederacy. And since this was a mayor, there was no aristocracy or hereditary titles — for the handling of this great demon king was truly quite tricky.
I'm sure you all remember that the dominant race of this planet was the Nephilim, a hybrid of humans and gods? Right! So, the race of great demon king is actually the demon king class, and so demon kings were thus a type of Nephilim. And of course, since they were the dominant race, this meant that Nephilim were on the whole much stronger than normal humans — and since this setting for this world has hybrids of humans and gods, this meant that it has gods too.
And taking a step back, the Nephilim also had a certain degree of legal immunity — If they had killed 5 humans or fewer, they couldn't be judged by human laws, and had to be repatriated to Nephilim lands. And as it happened, this great demon king had only stolen and eaten several thousand boars and chickens each.

So this was fast turning into a diplomatic and political issue. Of course, the mayor could just stick the Western witches with all the blame, but that would offend every witch on the continent.
Plus, the mayor was also a good friend of the little witch. She would never do anything that would hurt the organization of witches as a whole.
Following some diplomatic rhetoric, some policies to appease it, and an explanation of the pros and cons, the captured great demon king accepted that retribution should only be exacted on the party who had done the wrong, meaning that his ire was now narrowed to the little witch alone.
But he could not defeat her, so that was the end of that, really.

Finally, I hope everyone remembers that crystal ball, because the little witch's goals had become foggy at this stage, so she decided to take it out and have a look at it.