...This was the only method to which I could resort in order to preserve him. What if he cannot be restored? I'm scared... This is different from that time with Cater, but... No, I must be calm. Rene needs my help, now more than ever... What is the most reasonable course of action he would take at this time... I need to first keep his condition under wraps so that the Ordo will not collapse... I need to come up with some reasonable pretense, though I'm not sure how long it'll hold... We need to at least ensure the Tower of Gestalt's completion...

...The stark contrast between how he'd always say so much to me and the present is utterly heart-wrenching... There should still be hope. According to our research, if we can further break down and purify... Director Lyris's essence... Perhaps with the principles behind the ancient golems... If all goes well, we should also be able to cure Cater...

...In the end, Ann departed in great sorrow. I should not have lost my temper so, but I did not know how to answer her, and I did not wish to deceive her. Alain is through with us — I do not wish to lose her too... But as long as Rene is restored, surely, she and Alain will... 

...I've been interpreting the data in search of a solution and sharing the results with Rene. There has still been no response, but I can already envision his response with perfect clarity: criticizing the Universitas Magistrorum for putting the cart before the horse, neglecting the fundamental principles underlying everything, and diving straight the details of how to put those techniques to use... How they inverted even the alchemical stages for other purposes...

...

...I have successfully re-extracted that part of the persona and stored it in the Orthants, at least... The connection with the primordial waters... I've penned research notes like a man possessed. Rene will be quite surprised when the time comes...

...I've gotten used to projecting confidence to people. No one in the Ordo seems to suspect (or perhaps, they dare not suspect?) but, in truth, I have become somewhat disappointed in them...

...It seems that there was an alchemist from Khaenri'ah named "R" who joined a secret order. From what fragmentary records exist, it appears that they made significant headway. But the available materials are scarce... If Rene doesn't recover, the Ordo will slowly dissolve. And if we were all mistaken, and the colossal beasts and apocalypse are false, will there be others who shall research the trail left behind, as I am now...?

...This idea needs to be tested on someone else first. But that means...
...I'm afraid there's no other way. No other way out...

...

...I have recently received reports that some of them have been talking amongst themselves... I must figure out how to handle this... I suppose this can be considered their contribution to our research. After all, they are loyal to Rene and are not our enemies. This knowledge will prove most useful in helping Rene, and to him as well...

...The conscious creation that arose from this... showed great promise. Perhaps I've finally found the right approach...
...Placed in the silver basin, gleaming. I taught them language and natural philosophy...
...I've decided to teach them how to paint, which could help exercise their newly grown prosthetic limbs...
...Generated a near-identical persona... Dissolved and dispersed. It saddens me somewhat, but I believe...

...Should strengthen the form... Maintained for 32 days...

...

...The ones that ultimately survived were unstable blobs of water with rudimentary human forms. It seems that relying on the sword and Lyris's nature alone is insufficient... did think of Cater's remains. I have a few ideas...

...With these, along with some of the leftover material from Cater's current state... I'll use the pocketwatch Alain gave me as the cornerstone to construct Rene's form. I've never dared part with it, as it represents all the time Rene and I had shared. We were much luckier than those who dream still in those circular ruins... Reconstruction according to my design should be possible...

...

...I have named him. All that remains is to implant...
He will not remember his two previous failures — these setbacks could obstruct his path to transcendence. He shall become our ideal Narzissenkreuz. He shall take long strides and walk far ahead of me once more, casting his slender shadow in the sun. He shall guide us in shaping a new future, one in which there will be a place for Alain and Ann...

...What remains of them can be used as material for other experiments. For example, we can graft them onto those who have lost their intellect...