..Foray four hundred and forty-six: The records found alongside the Terrene Germplasm have provided a sufficiently clear picture of the matter, which is noted as follows...
...The Saint had come to Hyperborea in search of that light from the very genesis of the world, a fragment left behind at its inception. It is a light that is undissipated hope itself, a light that holds the potential to illuminate the entire cosmos. From what I have seen of it projected in that house of ministry, it is also the very same light that brought about my birth...
...He brought down something from the heavens merely to ascertain whether that light was truly extinguished. He then launched that advance which was destined to fail against the "fate" that ruled over the entire world, and was consequently punished...
...■■■■ was right. Hyperborea's fate had been sealed long before The Saint arrived. That long-written decree to annihilate the golden realm was one that even the eldest daughter of the angels could not alter, and all the men who remained faithful to the future could do was stave off the execution of that judgment for a mere thirty years. This fact alone is more than enough to disprove all of my earlier conclusions...
...As for the truth about "Heimarmene," I fear that the conclusion I have reached may be far too terrible to put to paper...
...That never-refracted light signified a boundless array of possibilities in its pure whiteness. However, man chose to confine it to a far narrower band of hues in the name of certainty, and so lost that very first shadow which the purest of light had cast into the void...
...Time moves in loops and circles. Therefore, whenever we lay down an anchor into fate, the Abyss will naturally lay an anchor into us at the end of time as well...
...I surmise this is something The Saint had long discerned. Perhaps he had even glimpsed that end of the path where the primordial first light had became spent, and thus resolved to cast himself headlong into the last light...
...Once we place this conclusion alongside the histories of the various nations, once seemingly unrelated events converge into a cohesive narrative. And even if memories cannot be retained in the Ley Lines, that will and desire to defy the heavens will nevertheless endure like twinkling stars through the few who survive and remain...
...Both the Goddess of Flowers in Sumeru and she who prophesied the rising of the waters in Fontaine sought to build systems that would stand independent of both the Ley Lines and Heimarmene. Though one may be unable to inflict substantial damage upon this severe and grinding world structure, a few rents and fissures suffice to loosen the threads of fate. And as the histories I have read attest, these defiers have indeed left their mark: in Natlan, the reins of power have been assumed by one other than a divinely anointed "Sacred Lord," whilst in Fontaine, the Remurians have somehow been able to elude the gaze of the high heavens and transmit their arts, albeit in a fashion distorted...
...Now, at last, I understand the great ambition once placed in my hands, and the responsibility I am meant to bear...
...The sin I have committed is utterly beyond forgiveness... I cannot deny my hand in that passage which traverses the Shadow Realm, nor that filth which continues to seep into the world. But there are other matters I must attend to before I atone for that sin. Or rather, only by attending to these matters can I redress the grave wrong I have committed...
....Only by ascending to that seat high up in the court of the stars and accomplishing that grand undertaking which our forebears could not achieve can the possibility of total destruction be averted...