Number 65, Ooze Avenue. The wooden door to a tavern in a cranny of this city of sin was kicked open with a bang.
The loud chatter stopped, and patrons put their drinks down to look at the uninvited guest in the pouring rain.
The muscular man was dressed in black from head to toe. If it weren't for the candles in the tavern, one would think that it was the heavy darkness of the night that had forced the door open.
The intruder turned slightly. The brim of his hat covered most of his face, showing only his sharp chin. He looked around, almost as if wondering why he was here. From his relaxed posture and relieved breathing, patrons could speculate that he had either accomplished something very important, or just carried out some revenge...
And, at that moment, he just wanted a drink.
He walked toward the bar, and the raindrops on his coat followed him like loyal spirits. His boots thudded with every heavy step taken, leaden with unbelievable, crushing conviction.
"Give me something strong," said he, with a voice low enough to shatter wine bottles.
The owner poured him a glass reluctantly, then looked at the door and wondered how long it would take him to wipe the boot-print off.
"Thank you," said the man, "I just accomplished something great alongside my sister."
"Well, where is she?" The owner asked, deciding to make some small talk.
"She went to plant flowers. I gave her all my money because she's always wanted to do that."
"How will you pay for your drink, then?"
The man seemed taken by surprise, as if he had never considered it.
"Guess I'll pay with this."
The man tossed a black musket onto the bartop with a thud.
The patrons next to him spilled their drinks in terror. Everyone held their breath.
"I'm not taking that."
The owner feigned calm as he replied, but quietly, he reached into the drawer under the bar, where he hid a pistolet. He wasn't sure if he could fire faster than the man in front of him, though.
"Don't worry, it just fired its last and most important shot, and it will never be used again." The explanation done, the man downed another drink.
The owner caught a glimpse of the man's face when he raised his head. It was a handsome face, with a high nose, some scars, and sad black eyes.
The owner withdrew his hand from the drawer. This man wasn't here to cause a scene. It was almost as if he had been drunk even before entering the tavern.
"May I have another?" the man asked.
"You've had enough," replied the owner.
"I know, but tonight was special." He didn't notice that the owner was trying to get him to leave.
"How so?"
"I just killed someone."
The owner's hands froze. Coming from this man, it didn't sound like a joke.
"It was revenge," added the man. "He killed my mother."
"And who was 'he'?"
"The Baron."
"Nonsense." Now the owner was certain that the man was drunk.
Everyone knew that the Baron was bad news. Many wanted to kill him, but none dared to risk their lives to try.
"I suppose you could have missed the gunshot if your farts were loud enough," the man taunted.
The owner looked at the man again. He had large hands and a muscular build. He seemed to have been through countless fights — no tavern scuffles these, but real fights that had put his life on the line.
Something flashed across the owner's mind. He recalled the recent series of musket murders, where the killer always left a Rainbow Rose and struck on stormy nights...
"No way... Are you..."
Before the owner could finish, lightning struck beyond the wooden door, and a wild gale threw it open. Night flooded in, drowning the patrons like a tidal wave.
When the candles were lit again, the man was gone, but he had left his musket behind. It stared everyone down in silence like some solemn god of death, staring into the night that belonged to it...

—The Two Musketeers, Fin.