8: My notebook's missing. Did one of you take it?
25: Based on experience, it's more likely that you left it in a drawer somewhere.
8: I've looked. It's not in any of them.
45: But did you look in the dispensary?
65: If you still recall, you'd know that my dispensary may not be accessed by those younger than 18 years old.
25: What does this notebook look like?
8: It's a notebook with a black cover...
35: It's the kind they give out to all the Fatui.
25: Is there something important written in that notebook?
8: My experiment proposal's in there.
45: You're not planning on abducting Aranara for your experiment, are you? AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
65: What's so funny?
45: Don't you find this so adorable?
35: Seriously? Are you saying you're adorable?
Zandik: What's the matter with you? Why are you so quiet over there?
18: Well, the culprit has to keep a low profile, doesn't he? I'm the one who threw it out.
Zandik: ...
Zandik: Why did you do that?
18: Because it looked so childish.


25: Did all of you receive the notice about the Harbingers gathering?
65: What's the difference? If you received it, it means we all did too.
25: One of us has to sign on it to confirm receipt. Would you do it?
65: I'm not signing it.
25: Whoever signs it goes. I have a report to write.
Zandik: How about I just give you the day off? Since I'm the one you'll be handing that report to anyway.
25: No thanks!
35: It's done.
18: Are you really going?
8: Did you lose a bet or something?
35: Apparently we have a new colleague. I want to go check things out.
Zandik: I vaguely remember that I was maybe in my forties when I started becoming more of an introvert.
45: And we lost our sense of compassion at the age of eight.
35: It's not like I'm going to be compassionate towards a colleague anyway. I just want to get a feel for this new one.
25: I hope they're in HR.
18: I, for one, hope that they're in Finance.
35: What's with Pantalone?
18: He rejected my request.
8: Hehe...
45: Maybe it was just an administrative issue.


18: How was the party?
35: Meh. It's just some young girl transferred in from another branch.
18: Are you sure she's a young girl, or does she just look like one?
35: I'd never ask a question as rude as that. But based on my experience, it should be the latter.
18: That means... How old is the Tsaritsa now, anyway? I've never really kept track.
35: Do you know the answer? You tell him.
65: This is a total waste of time.
18: What? Can't I be curious?


45: "Madam Columbina"? "Miss Columbina"...?
65: Just call her by her name.
45: She feels so approachable for some reason, don't you think?
35: Just because she looks like she could do with a bit of care and concern?
45: And because she looks starving and miles away from everything that's going on.
18: Needless to say, none of that "everything" would be good news.
Zandik: She's the one the Tsaritsa has taken a liking to recently. And since she isn't actually involved in any of the Tsaritsa's "affairs," it implies that she's the "affair" itself.


8: A report from Sandrone just came in.
65: Leave it. I'll take a look at it later.
45: There's no real need to look at it anyway. Her theories are all so behind the times, and she's not exactly pioneering in her research ideas either.
35: If you ask me, she's actually more interesting than her science.
45: If you're talking about her personality, I suppose that's fair.
18: Who's on duty shift today? The equipment in the operating room was just replaced. I need your signature for the delivery.
45: This must be a gift from the equipment supplier. But why wasn't it mentioned in the letter?
18: I just saw it myself.
45: Yeah, the ones who need help are always the easiest to talk to. That's what I've always thought. Besides, I like how sincere she seems about wanting to work with us.
25: You're so cocky when you think you hold all the power. I'd love to see your face when it's your turn to put in a project funding request.
45: We have to have a united front on this. Dottore is supportive, but also letting things play out as they will.
65: That makes sense. Oh by the way, remember to attend that meeting called by Il Capitano tomorrow morning.
35: Right.


35: Which one of you was at the cafeteria earlier? Was it you?
25: How did you know?
35: I ran into The Rooster, and he said, didn't you just have your meal a few moments ago?
25: ...
35: The Jester might have noticed something wasn't quite right too. But he didn't say a thing.
25: Maybe because he was raised right?
35: Or maybe he was just unsure.
25: That's not surprising, I suppose. Who can really tell the whole lot of "me"s apart?
35: There's only one "me." Zandik's the main, and not a Segment.
25: The main doesn't count.
35: He doesn't count? Haha.
35: If you ask me, neither you nor me are truly "me"s.


45: The main just died, and the body is still fresh. I need all hands on deck! We need to prepare for the autopsy and start recording now.
25: Already recording. But do you have to be so excited?
65: In all honesty, our shared lack of imagination in these matters is almost impressive.
35: Do you actually not feel sorry for Zandik? You're the one who was closest to him.
65: Of course I feel sorry for Zandik. Am I not Zandik himself?
35: You're right, and I feel the same way. This is the time for us to show some emotion and compassion for ourself.
45: We should be able to develop a drug that works better on us since we're experimenting on our own body.
18: Let's get to it! I'm so excited!