...To think that we really did find Remuria's ruins at the indicated location. But was there ever any doubt...

...Mr. Ingold has arranged for plans for an official construction project to be drawn up. The people from the Palais Mermonia have already confirmed the location and the construction team has arrived... I suppose it was always better to report our deeds first rather than have them come knocking... 
...The Marechaussee Hunters were called in to take charge of security. It might be too risky to think that this will completely allay their suspicions. Ms. Calafia is not the sharpest tool in the shed, but she is still a disciple of...

...The Master and Mr. Ingold brought an Oceanid to the as-yet incomplete tower. The deeper meaning behind this...

...Went to seek an audience with the Master to ask for advice... This time, I only met Mr. Ingold. He seemed to be looking for something...
...According to Mr. Ingold, the Master is performing "the Great Ritual." He said it has to do with the celestial bodies and the Primal Fire... The details are not to be divulged, or the "sanctity of silence and self-driven will" will be broken... Great focus and separation from the world must be maintained... For a time after this, Mr. Ingold will take charge of...

...Someone in the construction team has started spreading some strange rumors. Well, strictly speaking, those aren't "rumors," since...
Fortunately, Ms. Calafia seems to consider their tales the result of the workers' prejudices against archaeological work...

...Mental state is... Reported to Mr. Ingold. After receiving the report, he organized help for the affected...
...Calafia seems to have caught on somewhat. She even questioned Mr. Forsamiro to his face regarding the stone slates...
Madam Laveaux and Ms. Lenormand were able to allay her suspicions, but... It's only a matter of time before this gets to the Iudex.

...The work is completed. Mr. Ingold, representing the Master, gathered everyone to express... May the Master's Great Ritual go smoothly...
...Since it's Mr. Ingold saying it, I doubt there's any deception here... Still, I do find this a little strange...

...Ms. Zenaida came to see us in the dead of night. She claimed to be concerned about the Master's whereabouts. As such, the third time ██ fell, she secretly used ██'s ███ to perform divination... The results... worrying...
...She suspects that Mr. Ingold has not been truthful, and seeks to gather high-level members to submit a public inquiry to him... Already prepared a secret report...
...I should feign non-committance and ask that she reconsider. After all, my own divinations say that the Master is in the Tower, and hasn't left...

...After that, I should leverage Professor Griffin L. Randolph's social standing to release a cover story to the outside world... This reeks of tedium, but it will buy our Ordo some time... At least these nobles will make themselves useful, for once...

...I probed Madam Laveaux a little. She seemed unworried about the Master... Her divinations returned results similar to mine. The Master is alive and well and is within the tower...
...Pyromancy, hydromancy, astromancy, and ████mancy all gave the same results... Well, it seems that Ms. Zenaida was simply fearmongering...

...

...Ms. Zenaida and her supporters have abruptly left the Ordo. They left behind a single note, stating that they "were disappointed with the future"...
...Well, fair enough. After all, that ███ "divination" of hers seems to be nothing but the work of charlatans. It would be of no help to Narzissenkreuz's ideals anyway...
...Mr. Ingold seemed somewhat disappointed.

...
...Out of curiosity, I divined Ms. Zenaida's whereabouts...
...Something's wrong. They... those who left the Ordo previously are still within the tower...
...███'s divination method cannot be mistaken.
I must speak to Mr. Ingold in person.