I noticed Macani's gone another night without sleeping... I'm afraid he's still trying to figure out how to break the truth to his friends. Naturally, I know where he's coming from. It's troubled me for many days as well. As his wife, and as one of the first members of the team...

I can still see the past when I close my eyes, like it happened yesterday.

Rumors spoke of a young man traveling from place to place, seeking kindred spirits to form an adventure team. Out of curiosity, I found a vantage point from which I could catch a glimpse of him. But nobody cared for some brash upstart from the Collective of Plenty, so there were few people around him... leaving me as his most conspicuous spectator.

His speech wasn't bad. He wasn't the sort who loved to flatter others, and his words were simple and sincere. He believed in himself and his goal. Like a wildfire, brave and fearless... I can't recall all the details by now, but I know that his excitement infected me.

Still, nobody applauded him, and no one spoke to him. Watching the noisy crowd leave him behind, the man merely smiled and sighed, then he bent down to pick up his backpack. It looked like he didn't plan on staying.

"Maybe I should try my luck with the Flower-Feather Clan," he said.

I was worried that he'd be disappointed. After all, we of the Masters of the Night-Wind are not exactly avid adventure-seekers.

He looked over his shoulder at me, and I saw no trace of dejection in his eyes. He thanked me with a smile, his resolve unshaken — as if the cold shoulders were mere brambles by the roadside, and every hardship just an interlude on his grand adventure.

How can someone live life with a spirit so fiery and clear? I've always been curious about lifestyles that differ from mine.

Later, Chaco joined us, and then Anja from the People of the Springs.

I still remember that extraordinarily hot summer. Anja suggested holding a bonfire party at her house, and we practically leapt into getting it ready. The joy of meeting new companions and the anticipation of setting out for our future adventures combined had us drinking more than our fair share. When it was time to name our adventure team... the suggestions were about as coherent as you could expect.

After someone tossed out the "Victorious Scorching Halberds," Macani raised the suggestion of calling us "Tecpatl's Flintblades."

Anja asked why he didn't want a grander name, and Macani responded by saying that his dream was not to become a hero, and so he needed no such ceremony. That shocked us enough that we all sobered up slightly.

Macani went on to explain that this land had no shortage of heroes, and so what he wanted to do was forge a path for future generations to take, allowing embers of the future to grow and shine...

Tecpatl's Flintblades, the inheritance of embers... It was a beautiful name, and full of meaning.

Nowadays, it seems to describe us perhaps too well.

We were the ones who wanted to spread the name of the Flintblades throughout Teyvat, but that dream's yet to come true. Once we had our child, we were the first to turn back...

For the friends who trusted us and accompanied us on all our adventures thus far, our decision is undoubtedly a selfish one.

But as parents, what could be more important than protecting our child as he grows up?

After all this time together, we already sense what our friends' answers will be — yet it does nothing to dull the guilt within. Saying farewell has never been an easy choice, least of all for our leader.

Or perhaps this is just another sort of adventure for us. Right now, it's my turn to give Macani courage, after he did the same to me in the past.

...

Our friends said they knew this day would come... They teased us for a while, but my heart doesn't feel as heavy anymore. Macani looks to be in better spirits, too.

Anja suggested organizing a final farewell trip so we can enjoy one last holiday together... That's just like her. She knows how to keep everyone happy and doesn't want us to leave with any regrets.

It's time to get busy again. Aside from all the packing, I'd like to prepare some special gifts for my friends.

Oh, right, I should also find a new album so I can store more pictures from our travels.