...It's been three weeks since the Poruchik posted me up here. Compared to our recruits, who're stuck collecting materials for the Design Bureau, I suppose I should count my blessings — it's not like there's anything else to do around here. Forget about bandits, I haven't seen so much as a shadow in these godforsaken mountains. All I can do is write in my diary and stare at the foliage. If those two professors would hurry up and finish their blasted research — who knows what they're doing — then I could receive letters from my dearest Parashka once more. I wonder how she's doing at the military academy. I hope those stuck-up silver-spoon-sucking scum aren't making life difficult...

...Elena has too much time on her hands. She's been sneaking out of the camp to hunt. Every bit the lady of Morepesok, that one — absolutely no regard for the rules. Captain Volkov caught her red-handed. Gave her a real tongue lashing, too. "Dereliction of duty" was the verdict. After that, we all ate a healthy serving from the goat she brought back. Maybe it's been too long since I last ate meat, but that goat tasted better than any I ever had in the capital. Maybe that's why those rough and ready frontier folk choose to live in this awful backwater...

...The professors are openly at each other's throats at this point. In a place like this, watching them fight is our only entertainment. They're both high up in the Armory Palace, and they both refuse to give an inch, especially when it comes to researching moon fragments — they both want to be the first to make a breakthrough and earn high praise from the Tsaritsa. Professor Karnatsky doesn't even try to hide his contempt for Professor Preobrazhensky — he openly called his daughter's fiance a lunatic and said the only reason Preobrazhensky has reached the rank he has is down to (...). Well, that old git was so taken aback by the tirade, his face went bone white — he looked like he was going to faint. Then he started reeling off some diatribe in Fae. I couldn't understand a word of it...

...At least the goat around here tastes good. Captain Volkov should be the one to go hunting next, then we can all lay into him for dereliction of duty...