...Aurelius once divided all phenomena into four categories: Substance, Property, Quality, and Relation. Quality is the keystone, which is what is often called the "Quadrant of Qualities": memories, wishes, soul, and persona...

...The so-called Piercing of the Ego, or to play one's own music, is to pierce Substance and Quality, thus completely controlling one's own will, such that the Musica Humana may be as the Musica Mundana...

...But the music of both mortals and gods is fated to be fragile... Just like strings pulled taut, even should they collapse on themselves, they cannot play a tone more sonorous than the pipes... Thus, just as when you order slaves to play music, the ratio of the instruments present must be adjusted to avoid profaning the melody of morality. Only by integrating and blending the melodies of mortals can a symphony that can vie with Fortuna be written. This is the "Phobos" of which we speak...

...One can imagine, should Phobos cease playing, all would collapse in an instant... Mortals and gods are destined to be conquered by Fortuna, and to sink into dreamless dreams... No matter how you change your own tune, you will finally reach the preordained note. As a musician, you should know that if the last note cannot be changed, then the melody itself too... They cannot write their own music, and this is an end more terrifying than death...

...In other words, for mortals, distance from Phobos is tantamount to betrayal... The louder their music, the more resolute their wishes, the firmer the order of Fortuna becomes... None can escape...

...Therefore, they cannot be regarded as humans equal to us. Their choices do not come from their own wills, but rather the course charted for them by Fortuna... They have not the freedom to make decisions, and all they will do is play until the final note that was long ago written for them...

...Based on morality and rationality, the only choice we have is to eradicate them from the soil and waters, as we would eradicate plagues and extinguish wildfires... Otherwise, Fortuna's symphony will grow to a deafening roar, until there are no and never shall be other possibilities, and never again will it be possible to choose rebellion...

...