The Crow and the Fox

Once upon a time, a crow perched on a tree, a piece of stolen cheese in its beak.
Seeing the crow, the fox living under the tree looked up and said, 
"Listen, my friend."
"The thing in your mouth is no enticing feast,"
"But a source of misfortune that anyone sane would avoid like the plague."
"Look at your throat and then back at the cheese. Are they matched in size?"
"Swallow it, and you might just lose your life."
"The cheesemakers of the city have only let you go,"
"Because they know this — or do you think they've handed it to you for safe-keeping?"

The crow cared little for such words, and continued holding onto the cheese.
Seeing that the crow did not intend to give up yet, the fox spoke up once more:
"My friend,"
"This cheese is not some valuable delicacy!"
"Think! When you glided between mountain and forest, free of heed or care,"
"Did you then hear of something called cheese?"
"If you would listen, I would say that such a thing was never meant for us to enjoy."
"Let it rot in the mountains. Let the wind carry it into the sea,"
"Better that than to let it become a shackle that binds you."

The crow fluffed its feathers, but kept its hold on the cheese.
Seeing that the crow still would not give up, the fox sighed.
"Come on, my friend,"
"If you truly must savor the taste of cheese,"
"I, a mere fox and bystander, shall not stop you."
"But surely, you must not know how cheese is best consumed."
"If you were to simply swallow it willy-nilly,"
"It would be a terrible waste of such a rare treasure!"
"Alas, and such a waste it would be, too, of all the recipes I have spent time gleaning from the lands around the world!"

Suddenly curious, the crow could not help but open its mouth.
"And could you teach me such recipes?"
Even as it did so, the cheese fell to the ground,
And the fox snatched it up, before turning tail and burrowing into its nest.

This story tells us how those who seek to discover mysteries that they should not know,
Shall lose all, even that which they already had.