Awakened by the blinding sunlight, Perroux opened his eyes and subconsciously began to rub them...
His hands and feet were back! They were no longer furry cat's paws.
What happened last night? He tried his best to remember.
...The piebald Perroux had turned the carriage around, and come back with a clickety-clack.
The clock then had not yet chimed twelve times.
Before the other carriages had returned, he had leaped off like any other cat might, and gone back inside the house without anyone noticing...
So now...? Blast! If the sun was that high in the sky, he should've started his shift already!
He bounced up from the bed, and put his uniform back on, becoming the bellboy Perroux once more.

Yet the great door to the Master's manse was shut tight, and the hanging sign read "No visitors."
"The cat's gone, and the Master is so distraught he's taken ill and collapsed..."
"Such a beautiful cat! Even I liked it when I saw it. No wonder thieves set their sights on it."
"Poor thing. Could anyone ever treat it as well as our Master?"
So whispered the Master's servants in secret.
Looks like the Master didn't need a bellboy on duty today! Perroux had gotten a rare day off, but he was still deeply worried.
So where did he go? The Feline Firm.
That night, and for many nights more, Perroux returned to where the trash-carting carriages stopped, and checked the shadows under every lamp, but never saw any dark entrance to a cellar.
The boots and mask, too, were gone.
It was just as though no magic had ever occurred and Perroux had never met any talking cats.
Perhaps as the tabby cat boss had left, the Feline Firm had been made to disband...

The illness plagued the Master for three months, until one summer morning, he suddenly recovered.
The sound of the Master's humming emanated from his bedroom. It was a lively, happy song, the kind of song youths loved to sing when inviting a partner to dance.
"Perroux, come here." The Master waved to him.
*Ba-bum. Ba-bum.* Perroux's heart began to pound nervously once more. It couldn't be that...?
"This suit of mine is already quite worn. Dispose of it, and purchase a new one for me! As for the style... something fashionable will do." The Master spoke kindly.
"Oh..." Perroux relaxed, and walked out holding the old suit.
"Though, isn't the Master the really old-fashioned, conservative type?" Perroux and the other servants were all thinking the same thing.
A piece of paper fell from the pocket of the suit.
After the tabby had left, the other cats had written a letter to the Master, masquerading as the longhair writing to report she was safe and sound:
"Daddy, I'm fine. I've attached some dried fish and mouse jerky, please enjoy.
Also, the Lady von Frigga who proposed is a real person, and she has feelings for you, Daddy. You should find someone too."