...
An old man with gray hair carefully stood six special musket rounds on the table, looking at the brother and sister before him with his nearly blind eyes.
"Six bullets. Will they suffice?" The old man asked.
"They will," said the brother.
The old man sighed. He had kept his promise, teaching the two orphans he had found at his doorstep everything he knew.
Swordsmanship, marksmanship, deception...
How to infiltrate a mansion and not be spotted by the hounds, how to kill someone in their sleep without leaving a trace, and how to pull the trigger without hesitation...
"Six bullets, six lives..." The old man said to himself.
"No," said the sister, "five lives."
"Two of these are for the same person."
The old man didn't say anything. He didn't ask why they chose him, and he didn't ask how they planned to carry it out, just like how his teacher hadn't asked him all those years ago.
But the old man cared about his students. His nearly blind eyes had seen more than anyone in the city.
"Revenge is a one-way street, children," he said, "what you've learned from me is enough for you to live a rich and meaningful life."
"I don't want you to end up like me. Just look at my eyes — divine punishment, meted out to those who seek revenge." He tried to open his cloudy eyes for them to see.
"We died twenty years ago," said the brother. "If we don't fire these bullets at those who deserve them, then we cannot return to the land of the living."
The old man stopped speaking. He had known this day would come when he took them in.
"Alright... I will not try to persuade you any further." He supported himself with his arms and stood up. Lately, even something as simple as standing took a toll on him.
Even so, he wanted to go around the table and hug his favorite students. He knew that this was the last time they would see each other.
The old man asked, "Do you need anything else?"
"No." said the brother.
The old man noticed that the sister frowned. He couldn't see it, but he felt it.
"What is it, Iris?" the old man asked. He always liked Iris better. While she was considerate and passionate, she never hesitated when she had a gun in her hand.
Iris looked at the flowers outside the window and said, "Actually, I have another request."
"May I pick a few of your Rainbow Roses?"
...

—The Two Musketeers, pg. 224.