...The matter of paramount importance is to be able to properly distinguish the different categories of music, so as not to create misunderstandings caused by confusion regarding the meaning of words...

...There are three categories of music in this world. One the Musica Mundana, another the Musica Humana, and the third the Musica Instrumentalis...

...The Musica Mundana is the music of origin. It is the beginning and end of all music; from it does all spring, and to it shall all return. False and true celestial signs (namely, the inner and outer, lower and upper astrological signs. Euergetia will provide a detailed explanation of this section), the turning of the seasons and passing of time, the defined elements, everything in the universe operates according to the order of this music...

...Here, special attention should be paid to the connection between the Musica Mundana and Fortuna. The latter includes the former, while the former does not equate to the latter. Any music with specifications similar to Fortuna can be called Musica Mundana, for it itself would be equal to an entire world...

...Just as Cassiodor taught you before, the "Fortuna" we speak of here and the Sebastos's have no... ...latter is named for the former, while the former is the "rules" that govern all things, the "fate" of which slaves speak...

...Musica Humana is the music of the world of mortals. The music of mortals and gods are no different from one another, and both can be classified in this category, for their essence is that of the harmony produced by the Musica Mundana striking the Quality of the Soul...

...Imagine a harp, where every physical entity in the world corresponds to a single one of its fine strings... Magnificent music comes not from a single string, but the resonance of all strings... This is the music we call the Musica Mundana...

...As your fingers glide across the ends of the strings, the middle section will vibrate along with it, creating a sound most pleasing. However, you did not touch the middle of the strings at all, and the reason it sounds is simply because it's attached to...

...What I must emphasize to you is that, just as in the string metaphor, the music of mortals and gods can both be played, just like you can choose to play the middle of the strings, and not the ends. And it is for this reason that the Musica Humana can replace the Musica Mundana. We will discuss that in detail later...

...The Musica Instrumentalis is the most fundamental music, and there is no need to elaborate on it. Even slaves can understand...

...Next, I must elaborate for you the nature of Phobos, and why the musicless cannot be regardless as humans equal to us... Based on morality and rationality...