A new invitation was sent, this one to the Master.
"Master Baron, long have we heard of your esteemed cat. I also have a valuable and exotic cat, and hope that we may bond over our mutually shared appreciation for the feline race. It would be my great honor if you would do me the pleasure of calling upon my home such that we might discuss such things in person.
"A carriage will take you and your cat there at the appointed time. — Lady von Frigga"
Thanks to Perroux's guidance, the calico carefully corrected the typos.

And then the cats got to work.
Many cats who had once been recipients of the Firm's assistance came to help, bringing white satin, nearly-expired cans of snapper fish, wines... all to turn the agency into a wedding venue.
Any passing by at night would be struck pale with fright to see so many stray cats passing by in the shadows of the city.
The broken carriage was quietly repaired, and decorated like a gorgeous carriage straight out of a fairytale.
With soft swan-feather pillows and the sort of wind chimes cats adore hanging from it ringing all the way, it arrived at the Master's stoop.
"Please, if you would, Sir."
Perroux respectfully addressed his Master with bowed head, acting as "Lady von Frigga's coachman."
Though he was wearing the mysterious cat mask, Perroux could not help but feel nervous, as though he'd done something wrong, as though he had done something to give the whole game away.
Fortunately, the Master had a mind only for the luxurious carriage, even tipping the "coachman" a bag of Mora. "A small token, here!"

All along the way, cats crossed before the coach.
"Step aside, make way!" whispered Perroux from beneath the mask, for he feared being late.
"Sorry, but we're in a hurry too, we have a wedding to attend!" replied the cats.
When there were finally no more cats crossing, they had already arrived at the Feline Firm.
"Oh! Such rare and expensive silk... And the whole hall is covered in it..." gushed the Master, bursting with admiration.
"The Ham and Vegetable Bake... tastes quite good, the chef must be the real deal too...
And so many cats! I'm astonished. Lady von Frigga is so considerate. The must truly dote on her own exotic cat, just like I love my longhair!"
The Master could simply not stop effusing praise.
"Such a wonderful event, come, have a drink! And another!" The calico raised a cup of wine, urging the Master to drink more.
"Then I'll have another!"
The Master was in a great mood, and tipsy enough that he forgot to ask himself "Can cats even speak?"