The longhair cat entered, in step with the harp music.
"Oho, you little rascal, the moment we stepped off the carriage you upped and vanished! Turns out you were off tidying up!" The Master was glowing with pride even as he rebuked his cat.
The white satin trailing from the longhair was overflowing with flowers, pure white Cecilias like snow falling on a spring day.
*Clap, clap* — The cats began to applaud in unison.
"So beautiful..."
Perroux put down his knife and fork without even realizing it.
*Swoosh* *Woosh* The cats lifted the curtains.
The tabby cat had put on a bowtie and top hat, and his whiskers and the fur upon his ears was neatly trimmed. He walked towards her with the solemn steps of a night, welcoming his bride.
The full-sleeve cat behind him swiftly shook out the bag he had shouldered, and within were gifts for the cat couple.
Colorful balls of thread, toy mice that squeaked when played with, and a finch-shaped balloon, as well as the long-prepared boat tickets to a cat shrine in a faraway nation...

"WAIT!"
A cold, harsh voice came from above, interrupting the cats' cheerful revelry.
The Master had sobered up slightly, and stood up, swaying. He pointed his finger at the tabby.
"This lout... Isn't he the stray always lying about on my windowsill? I know you, always leering inside, and always up to no good...
"Didn't the invitation mention a precious, exotic cat? And where's Lady von Frigga?
"These cat toys... Hey, aren't these from my house? When did you lot steal them? And all this silk and wine... All stolen too, I presume?"
"Daddy, please, don't get angry..." The longhair cat quickly began to pout.
"yes, Daddy, I'll take good care of..." The tabby said dismissively.
Hearing "Daddy" twice like that infuriated the Master.
"You shut your dirty mouth!
"How could some random stray from Archon knows where with an impure bloodline possibly be worthy of marrying my longhair!
"And you. You, the scoundrel calling himself the coachman of Lady von Frigga...
"You're in cahoots with this gaggle of strays, helping them with their little scam, aren't you? Let me see just who's hiding under that mask..."
The Master stalked towards Perroux, and was about to wrench the mask off his face.
All the blood in Perroux's body seemed to drain, as though it had been siphoned by some powerful magnet.
"Run, run!" A host of voices echoed in his ear, and his heart beat like drum, yet his legs were stiff and wouldn't move even a single step.
"It's over, I'm done for!" Perroux covered his eyes in despair, but just as he did so he glimpsed something that seemed to be on his cheeks, something that seemed to be shaking, like trembling hairs.
Ah! Snow-white whiskers had grown on his cheeks, but it was no old man's whiskers, but those of a cat.
He twitched his ears, and found they were pointy and quick. He subconsciously arched his back, and let out a "Meeoow~"
Just before he would have been caught by the Master, he agilely fled under the table.