Chapter 6
Part 9
How the knights of every region united to lend their strength to Erinnyes, in opposition to the designs of the Capitoliani to invade.

When Sir Agricane had finished, the fine bowman Knight Drest, Prince of Lyonnais, was first to speak and offer his view:
"The harmony and prosperity that Vivarium's heir has promised us are naught but lies, his promise but trickery."
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, none so wise and noble as you should be taken in by such pretense."
"You must know that those words are aimed much like a poisoned arrow tipped with gold. It may be dazzling to watch, but the pain it brings shall be all the greater."

His fair companion, Adsiltia, the lady of the azure sail, whose name meant "daughter of ice," was next to speak:
"Vivarium's heir is the least trustworthy of traitors. That he would have such harmonious congress with Boethius is completely bewildering."
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, no matter what reason he offers, we cannot let the Capitoliani harm all we know to be good."
"Please, make up your mind as soon as you are able, and do battle with the court of the Capitoliani. For there shall be no salvation for our souls should you bend the knee."
"Let the evil disappear like dew in the sun. Oathbreakers and the unjust will be driven from this world."
"And in this way, songs will be sung of your wisdom, for those who seek to exact the debt of bloodshed will be remembered by those in misery."

And following that, Sir Naimes, Sir Tulpin, and all the other noble knights lent their swords to the fight.
Erinnyes knew of their dedication and offered her sincere thanks. Then she met with King Remus's musician and spoke to him as follows:
"Please inform King Remus, noble emissary, that we are not bound to bow before any monarch."
"The Mistress of Many Waters has granted us all equal honor. There are none greater who shall trample me, none lesser who must envy me."
"And I am to lead her blessed army to destroy the white dragon and the grand city, and to cleanse their bodies in their own blood."
"Like a herder drives the wolves from his flock, I will drive the invaders from this land, to serve as an eternal warning."

And with that, Erinnyes ordered Sir Fierabras to prepare wondrous gifts for the Capitoliani musician.
She also ordered the emissary to be escorted back to Carubdis Castle so he could report to King Remus. Of that, we shall write later.