...The core challenge in retaining the characteristics of two or more organisms within a single individual is, in truth, the question of maintaining different circulatory systems within a single body.
Ordinary bio-alchemy can solve this problem via an artificial organ known as the Prime Chimeric Nexus.
After resolving the corresponding rejection reactions, one can allow embryos with different properties to form an internal circulatory system specific to the embryonic organism via this organ.
Once a system is formed, the different "components" of the different embryos can be combined during growth, resulting in a Chimeric Beast.
The Prime Chimeric Nexus can only support up to three different embryo types... This is the limit, according to accepted knowledge.
Aksinya says the data indicates the limit is, in fact, five. I made a bet with her that if she can indeed create a Prime Chimeric Nexus that supports five embryos, I will take her to Podvorye Restaurant for drinks in secret.

...

The Terrene Germplasm has changed everything. It is as if we have obtained the final form of the Prime Chimeric Nexus.
It is like a living bio-furnace that can devour any living embryo without limitations.
And its products are nothing like the previous Chimeric Beasts, which had to undergo nurturing cycles to await their growth and harmonization before reaching a completed stage.
Instead, the Germplasm swallows, then fully absorbs the embryos, and directly reconstructs their biological traits. And even with that, the number of circulatory systems remains but one.
This must have been the foundation stone for developing a sort of perfect life form.

...

The Terrene Germplasm is indeed the most perfect of all Hyperborean creations. Its sole weakness is that it is far too perfect...
To the point where it cannot preserve the special components of each organism, as would occur using the Prime Chimeric Nexus.
Perhaps we should consider ways to isolate the biological characteristics from organisms formed from the Terrene Germplasm?
Ah, I get it now. This must be why the Hyperboreans only created the Leshy in the later stages of their Terrene Germplasm research...
They must have turned away from the Terrene Germplasm's bio-furnace in search of more stable forms of life, ones closer to eternity...

...

The five-embryo-compatible Prime Chimeric Nexus that Aksinya constructed only lasted a few breaths in a stable state.
I warned her that this was a low-probability coincidence involving multiple factors that could not be replicated.
She said, "But your bet was about whether or not it could support five embryo types!"
I said that this technology was purely developed for our bet, with neither practical applications nor developmental potential.
She said, "But your bet was about whether or not it could support five embryo types!"

...

She didn't want to drink at all. She only ordered some non-alcoholic soft drinks at Podvorye Restaurant.
I spent more Mora bribing the Pale Crown Palace guards than she spent on drinks. Seriously, what an unreasonable woman.
...Perhaps she just wanted to take a look outside the palace?