...Foray number eighty-six: it is necessary that the many significant findings made over the last few years be recorded herewith...
...Through great effort, I have finally determined what transpired when the "passage" opened.
...The world of shadow may be likened to a film of oil resting upon the known world, and it is this film which separates Teyvat from the Abyss in the beyond. This film exists not merely on the spatial and material plane, but at the very intersections of the temporal and the spiritual. When I foolishly opened that passage, it was as though I had inflicted a great gash in time across the entire Shadow Realm, through which the Abyss now pours its filth into this world without end...
...But owing to the unique nature of the Shadow Realm, this corruption of our world has primarily manifested as a slow seepage. Though the process is irreversible, the threat remains manageable for the present...
...Might this stem from the fact that the Shadow Realm teems with possibilities yet unobserved? Should we follow this hypothesis, the relationship between the Shadow Realm and the Abyss may be one that is fundamentally antithetical and mutually repellent, explaining why the realm has remained untainted to this day...
...But wonderful though this possibility may seem, it is not without its price. Here, substance does not exist in a stable form — or rather, there is no true form, nor is any concretion possible. Yet whatever the truth may be, the science that brought the Shadow Realm into being lies beyond the grasp of even the sovereigns of this world. Undoubtedly, it is not a product of our world...
...The discoveries made thus far, however, complicate any explanation of why the Shadow Realm might have come to be... Could the protective or shielding effect the realm exerts upon our world be merely an outgrowth, an unintended consequence of the memories The Saint left behind in the eternal void in defiance of the fate the heavens had ordained for him?
...Why the Abyss continues to seep into this world remains obscure, though it is my firm belief that it bears some relation to the very purpose for which The Saint created the Shadow Realm...
...The above deductions were drawn from information I have gathered within the ruins. While many questions remain unresolved, the one thing we already know for certain is...
...We, the fae, were not born to be the servants of the humans of the golden realm as legend states. Those who have misrepresented us as slaves did so out of sheer fear of our existence amongst men. In fact, deep within these ruins that have since been covered by the sands, I have glimpsed that far more noble and grand ambition with which we were once entrusted...
...And in the oldest of these records, I have also since glimpsed the earliest name of the fae: Filii Adamici Evoluti, or "the evolved children of humanity."
