This is my first day on the Isle of Night. Weather's good, but I can't say that about my mood.
I knew I was here to watch over these troublesome pests, yet I had not expected there to be quite so many of them.
I have heard messengers from Cinder City tell of how those who encountered these pests would fall into the throes of an illness that would grip them day and night, of how the boils that broke forth all over their bodies would be followed by incessant vomiting, before they finally suffered a drastic change in personality and eventually became so frail that they perished.
And we have all heard of the terrible transformation that befell Lord Milchi after coming into contact with them, ranting day and night about tearing any who would dare set foot upon the Isle of Night limb from limb. If even a hero of such stature met with such a fate, then surely any ordinary person wouldn't stand a chance?
And there were also those warriors that Dad could not save... the wounds that were left on their bodies, as if they had been torn to shreds by something sharp. These pests bristle with spikes and fangs, so this must have been their doing too...
They should have been eradicated long ago! I cannot for the life of me understand why we're wasting time watching over them, even feeding them... In the words of Lord Och-Kan, the only thing they deserve to eat is a good old knuckle sandwich!
Alas, if I had known, I would have just followed in Dad's footsteps and studied medicine, or else trained properly with Mom. Now, here I am... No longer with any hope of becoming either a warrior or a doctor, just a lousy guard for these wretched pests. Sure sucks to be me...
...
Day 475, and the weather is clear.
Thankfully, finally, Lord Milchi came back today. Another two days and we'd have run out of food for real.
No more Grainfruit, Cacahuatl, or meat of any kind... And no more Mora, either.
Hmph! Saurus Crackers and Grainfruit for breakfast, meat for lunch, and fish for dinner — no wonder all the Mora's gone! All the money I'd saved up to buy a ladder spent on stuffing their bellies!
Now even the skinniest Saurians are at least a couple of belly sizes up from what mine would be if I were one of them, yet still they make me climb up and down all day... "a bit of exercise," they call it. If you ask me, these Saurians should have to maintain the switches themselves! Let them get some exercise and lose some weight so they don't end up getting sick, and I don't end up having to make more medicine for them.
But still, it's true that we can't cut back on bird eggs for the hatchlings. They only just hatched, and they're still growing, so they need the extra nutrition.
Also, it seems a few more invaders arrived today, trying to set fire to the entire Isle of Night. Thankfully, the Secret Source Sentinels spotted them and chased them off before it was too late. Otherwise, things could've gotten really bad...
Those fools from Cinder City, we chase away one batch of them, and another shows up. All they ever talk about is "curses" and "pests." They can't be reasoned with, and they're bent on wrecking things too. Such a pain in the...
—Ha! Illnesses? Festering wounds? Where did they get such nonsense from? These Saurians might be a bit on the energetic side, and they sure have big appetites, but they're clean as clean can be. I should know, because I'm the one who washes them! They're spotless — cleaner than any of you lot, that's for sure!
And curses? If it wasn't for Lord Milchi's kind heart, I would've had the Secret Source Sentinels clobber you fools long ago! And the idea of Atlatl being cursed... What a joke.
If Lord Milchi would just listen to me and assent to the use of stronger weapons, we'd have long since washed our hands of all this. It's driving me up the wall... Anyway, that's enough for today. I still have to repair the switches and get on with my training tomorrow, so there'll be plenty for me to get on with...
...
I've lost count of how many days it's been, and I have no idea what the weather is like outside. If I had to guess, I'd say this is about the fifth day I've been in hiding. This will probably end up being the last diary entry I make.
If I'd have known things would come to this, I should have tried harder to stop Lord Milchi. Thinking back on it all, there were so many warning signs...
More and more frequent attacks, restless packs of Saurians, unhatched Saurian eggs, orders to execute the little ones, and rumors of rebellions among the various tribes...
In such a dire situation, a summons could only ever mean bad news.
Aside from blades, I honestly cannot imagine what else might await Lord Milchi...
And the end result was never in doubt either. The Isle of Night was utterly defenseless without Lord Milchi, and would have fallen to any old band of warriors.
Fortunately, Lord Milchi was ready, and as soon as the orders came through, was able to take advantage of the chaos to set the little ones free.
But Saurian eggs don't have legs, nor can they be so easily transported, so I had to hide it. If only Lord Atlatl were still here... With his help, I'm sure we could have moved it too.
I honestly cannot fathom why Lord Milchi chose not to escape with us, and instead insisted on confronting Och-Kan...
Oh right! Also, while hiding the egg, I gave it the name that I had long since planned to give it: Aguara. This name even sounds cunning, so perhaps it will help protect it.
Just as I thought, all those feeble, non-lethal security measures were completely useless against warriors set on bloodshed — I've been saying that all along... Thankfully, they did not find the underground chamber, so I can hide out here for another couple of days.
But how long can I carry on hiding here? They've stayed put this whole time, and show no sign of retreating. I don't know what they're looking for, but whatever it is, they haven't found it yet.
My food's all gone, and I feel as if I am gradually slipping into unconsciousness. Whether I give myself up or stay here, I'm guessing it'll end the same way...
But I cannot let go of Aguara. Though I've put the egg into hibernation, I am not sure how long it will last. Ah, Aguara, you impatient little critter. Why the big hurry? Just wait a bit longer... Your time has not come. The Natlan of today is not ready to be your home, not yet...
Speaking of home, I do not believe I have returned to visit, nor have I sent a single letter back, not once since I arrived in this place.
If only I had listened to Mom and Dad, put my mind into my medical studies and training... Might things have turned out differently? Might I have been able to protect everyone?
Aguara, I wish I could see what you'll look like... But I guess I never will.
