My dear successor, it gladdens me that you can read this letter.

We've used the most cutting-edge Tekhneikos, drawing upon the primordial power of the world to preserve this time capsule. If you have read this far, it means that you have already learned to command the pure elemental energy contained within the earth freely. I trust that you now live in an age brighter and more magnificent than our own.

It is now the tenth year since Hyperborea initiated the "Elysium Project". Unlike our ancestors, who wallowed in superstition and barbarism, prostrating at the feet of the Heavenly Emissaries, ours is an era of great progress. All the clans have united as one to shape the world into an Elysium for humankind alone. Guided by Dawn's Navigator and the Exalted Saint, we draw closer to this goal with each passing day...

We are currently exploring the secrets of life. After relentless experimentation, we have finally mastered the Tekhneikos of tailoring and refining the Seeds of Life. Now, new humans born after such "adjustments" can wield elemental forces at will. This ancient planet holds unimaginable, colossal forces within its depths, and its gates are now opening to us. Given time, we shall become masters of the earth.

Surely, by your time, humanity shall have fully developed this planet, the cradle of humanity? Even the most ordinary person can freely wield the power of the elements. Without relying on the gifts of the Firmament, you can still produce enough food to free all life on the land from famine. Perhaps you have long since discovered those primordial secrets beyond our comprehension, even becoming capable of freely converting matter into energy and vice versa. With but a single thought, you could perhaps create an entire world.

We are using the latest Mekhaneikos to raise a tower that reaches the heavens. How tall it stands! It's like we could reach out and pierce the sky itself. The Lord of the Heavenly City, once revered as a god by our ancestors... We are about to knock upon its gates. What will it think of this? Will it marvel at the speed of our progress, or be enraged by our insolence? Either way, it makes no difference. The great arrows we have forged stand ever ready to defend our civilization.

In your time, humanity must have long since broken through the limitations of the firmament, surely? Are the sky-faring ships constructed with Mekhaneikos able to freely soar among the stars, exploring the true cosmos? Perhaps you're now able to journey to the home planet of the Exalted Saint, learning the knowledge that civilizations on other planets have amassed over billions of years, venturing towards star regions beyond our observation, even reaching beyond the universe itself.

Compared to the great achievements you are about to accomplish, everything on this tiny planet must seem utterly insignificant. We are envious — sincerely, from the bottom of our hearts. For truth and progress, then, strive ever forward toward a bright future!