...This is my eighth foray since I passed beyond that "curtain," and I have taken time to set down all observations from my investigations till now. Regrettably, as ever, I failed to obtain the answer I have been seeking...
...Once the patently fantastical accounts are set aside, the true history of Hyperborea appears to accord closely with the legends of the horned peoples of the south: that is, the city of usurpers was destroyed by the Celestial Nail sent down from above. Tales of this nature abound throughout Teyvat. I gravely doubt that the outcomes of these stories would have differed, even had the so-called angels lent their aid...
...In the records I have unearthed in the course of my search, an individual known as "The Saint" appears time and again. His true name, it would seem, was Anacharsis, and it was he who instigated the rebellion that courted eventual destruction...
...He was, in all likelihood, a prophet of some kind. The annals of mankind have never lacked figures of his ilk who, impelled by nothing but a fit of passion and unsubstantiated conviction, ultimately send countless others beyond the precipice of no return...
...To be so utterly consumed by folly and delusion appears innate to mankind — a failing that I, as one of the fae, have never understood. When I recall the motherland that should have endured to this day, and was instead reduced to its present state by this man's folly, my revulsion only intensifies...
...Yet ■■■■ admonishes me that it is ill-befitting to judge historical figures capriciously, and so I shall reserve further judgment until the facts of the matter are fully established. Furthermore, were that the sum of history, how would one explain my very existence? How came I to be born in a breeding ground, amidst the remains of a giant dragon, millennia after the motherland's annihilation? Why, too, did the "Great Judge" fail to purge the Shadow Realm — in which I now stand — the very moment it first emerged? All that I have witnessed here far surpasses any creation known to our age. Could such wonders truly have been wrought by the hands of man and angel?
...I have discussed these questions at great length with ■■■■, his reluctance notwithstanding. At the very least, he has elected not to drive me away, doubtless on account of all my efforts in restoring this castle...
...Meanwhile, the motives of the usurpers and the purpose of the Great Judge remain stubbornly resistant to all prying, much like these fog-shrouded ruins...
...I should go back now. It would seem that I am far better suited to a life spent riding in the wind, across the frozen wastes...
