...The pollution of the land and water wrought by the giant beast Elynas seems to have been mostly purified and diluted. However, when it comes to Elynas itself, even the adults seem to be at a total loss. They simply cordoned off the surrounding area. Nevertheless, it was quite easy to sneak in. It felt rather strange slipping into the creature's mouth, and it reminded me of events from some of the stories I once read...

...Though I have no substantive evidence, I still sensed some sort of "will" from it. Jakob did, too... There were no signs of decay in the flesh. Instead, its body was hardening, as if forming a protective membrane. Given its current immobilized state, it looked like a self-defense mechanism to safeguard its internal organs...
...But it does make sense, with such a wellspring of vitality... If my deduction is correct, it may also be used to enhance Jakob's strength by following the same principle... However, at this stage, there's no need to subject Jakob to such risks. I should get safe experimental data first through the Institute of Natural Philosophy, and then set specific research objectives. Although, as Jakob mentioned, this may waste a lot of precious time...
...After all, the flesh of Elynas remains toxic, and the risk if Jakob...

...Jakob has returned. He's quite brave, but also an idiot. He didn't give any thought to the possible consequences. We have no one else to rely on now. If he...
...The data we've collected is still incomplete. Jakob had minor adverse reactions, primarily vomiting. But he recovered quickly and hasn't shown other symptoms in the short term. His mental status and physical status remain stable... It's only possible because Jakob completely trusts me... Our lives are limited. Still, even if it's just for the future, we must find a way to get allies, get stronger, and prevent disaster...

...Alain has enrolled in the Institute of Natural Philosophy. He should fit right in with his sharp mind. I brought the pocket watch he gave us, and we compared the time only to find there was already a significant discrepancy... We agreed to meet at the Institute. The brightest minds of Fontaine are gathered there, and we can expect to make huge progress and get much-needed help...
...As for Mary-Ann, just the sight of her fills me with joy. We had a long discussion about the Narzissenkreuz Institute, but Jakob was crying through most of it... I didn't tell them about Jakob. It's because Uncle Guillotin, who was with them, is part of the Maison Gardiennage. Although he seems to be treating Alain and Mary-Ann very well, he still can't be trusted. After all, Father and Mother... It was all the doing of their lackeys and goons...
