The seasons turned, the days grew chill, and winter lay thick on Liyue Harbor's streets, burying all too many things that Hu Tao could go and do each day.
She'd counted, of course — and apart from assigning Zhongli to make purchases, partaking in poetic collaborations with Xingqiu, and going out for meals with Yun Jin, who was on a diet, there wasn't much fun to be had at all.
Oh, the boredom. The boredom! It was like someone had swaddled her in blankets. Or frozen her mind in ice!
Ever the enemy of ennui, tedium, and torpor, Director Hu of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor had to salvage this languid, lachrymose outlook somehow! And so, she met with the great chef of Wanmin Restaurant, and together they conferred.
Two to zero, it was unanimously agreed — only delicious mutton hotpot could solve this problem!
Xiangling would take charge of the cooking, and the purchase of ingredients would Hu Tao shoulder.

In the chef's professional opinion, Chenyu Vale's Fluff-Fleece Goats were the ideal choice for the meat involved.
And so Hu Tao tramped up and down in the winter wear Xiangling had gifted her, from Chihu Rock to Yujing Terrace, until she found fresh mutton at Wanyou Boutique.
After some back and forth, Bolai agreed to give her a discount.
How he muttered and murmured as he sliced two marbled hunks of mutton off, like one enduring great financial loss. But as he prepared to wrap them up in oil paper—
"One moment," Director Hu said, raising a hand to stop him.
"This living creature has given its life to satisfy human appetites. It deserves a burial."
"We lack time to prepare the full rites, which is a shame — but let me speak a brief eulogy instead."
Then, taking her sunglasses off and straightening her clothes, she spoke thus in solemnity:
"O little goat, born you were in Chenyu Vale. From springs you drank, on grass you fed.
"Surely you ran oft over the hills, for your meat is springy and firm.
"Yet surely you ate and slept your fill, as the wealth of oil and fat attest.
"You ate and slept well, living free of worry and regret.
"Now, go well with my thanks, for kindly helping to fill my tummy."
The ceremony concluded, Hu Tao wrapped the meat with care, before asking Bolai for some greens and frozen tofu.
It occurred to her then, as she walked off. This was quite a bit more meat than expected... So why not call in a few extra people? That's what hot pot was all about, right?
Right, then. Best get Xingqiu, Chongyun, not to mention Yun Jin and Xinyan.
Qiqi too, should they meet along the way. And if Dr. Baizhu was interested, why, he was welcome too!
Well, then. Who said that cold days were without their charm? Time to go, time to go. A happy hotpot party awaits!