"Hey, come check out what I've got!"
Bennett excitedly sets down his bulky adventuring pack, and takes out a few treasures, their shimmer dwarfed by the radiant smile on his face. His new outfit adds to the fieriness of the moment, his eyes blazing as bright as his sunny yellow scarf.

The first treasure is a dark red volcanic rock the size of a fist, speckled with flaming patterns.
"I was looking for some heat-resistant herbs near the Tollan Volcano the other day when I slipped. If this was before, I'd probably have tumbled all the way into a pool of lava that just happened to be there."
Bennett pulls a silly face, and grins, "But this time, I just stumbled a bit, then sat down on top of this rock. It's nice and glossy, and I didn't get hurt sitting on it. And once I stood up to take a look around, the herbs I was looking for were right where I was — in perfect condition, too! How's that for a lucky break?"
His smile still bright as ever, Bennett places this "lucky stone" into your hand. It feels warm to the touch, as if beating with the volcano's pulse.

The second treasure is a small, metallic whistle, with a little crystalline rock embedded on top.
"This one's from when I was around the Flower Feather clan, looking for rare bird species in their cliffs. I tried whistling like the tribespeople do, but after an eternity of whistling my fingers off, I didn't manage to attract a single bird. Only a few annoyed Qucusaurs, haha!"
Bennett sheepishly scratches his head, "It took so long to shake 'em off, and by the time I did, I was so worn out that I could barely breathe. But wouldn't you know it, I just happened to spot this bird whistle lying on the ground. So I picked it up, blew into it, and it let out this really crisp 'peeeep'! Next thing I knew, this gorgeous Halberd-Crest Bird landed right on my shoulder."
"I only found out later that this kind of whistle was used to communicate with birds in the past. These days, it's more of a unique accessory."
Bennett hands said accessory to you. The lake-blue gem shines gently in the sunlight.

The third treasure is a brightly colored seashell bracelet. The largest of them is decorated with a series of wavy patterns.
"And this one I picked up near the People of the Springs. I rented a little boat to go sea-fishing, but couldn't get much of a bite for all the bait I was using."
Bennett's smile returns, wry this time, "So I was just about to wrap up for the day when I saw something bobbing up and down in the ocean. It was a leather-woven water ball, with loads of beautiful patterns on it."
"When I got back to shore, prize in hand, I found a young man searching up and down the beach. Turns out he'd participated in a competition a few days ago, and the water ball his grandmother made for him got swept away by the waves. Since then, he'd been coming down every day to look for it."
"After I heard his story, I was like, 'Well ain't that a coincidence?'" Bennett claps his hands excitedly, "So I handed him the water ball. Now that made his day — he insisted on dragging me off to a hot spring with him. Even gave me this seashell bracelet. According to him, it can protect you when you're out at sea."

"What do you think? Turns out I'm a pretty lucky guy when I'm in Natlan," Bennett looks at the souvenirs in your hand, his face lit up with pride. "I hope these treasures can bring you some good luck too!"

You accept the gifts with gratitude, each full of wondrous tales, brimming with his pure and innocent joy. The land of Natlan and these vibrant new robes have painted his once-tumultuous journey in brighter hues. That boy once dogged by misfortune and scars now grins as he shares sunlit tales of his travels with you.
You wish him well in earnest. May fortune be his constant companion from this day forth.