Thanks to her marvelous half-adeptus constitution, Ganyu's capacity to endure hardship far surpasses the average mortal, and so she spends all year rushing to and fro on business for Yuehai Pavilion and the Ministry of Civil Affairs, her work unceasing even as day turns into night turns back into day. Naturally, she has little mind to spare for matters of personal dress, to say nothing of accessories or makeup.
Over time, her everyday appearance and the word "busy" have become tightly bound. Even when she is spotted on her brief days off, one cannot help but worriedly picture her doing overtime till she practically falls asleep standing up, or wonder if she might suddenly do an about-face and make a beeline to take care of the nearest article of urgent business.
Xianyun saw all this, of course, and had long been considering countermeasures. Just as well, then, that Lantern Rite was imminent, and a suggestion that she had heard on the streets came to mind:
"A change of clothes may make for a change of mood..."
Thus did the adeptus retrieve a machine she had sealed in storage for many years. Using it, some of her friend Ping's best Silk Flowers, and the dyes made using divine herbs from her abode, she weaved several bolts of fabric and satin of immaculate quality and color. As for the exquisite hair ornaments and pendants, they were made of the same material as her adeptal machines. Elegant, lovely, and infused with faint fragrance.
Then, Xianyun brought the fabric and satin to one of the finest tailors in Liyue Harbor, though she did give the poor artisan quite a fright — after all, any ordinary valuation would appraise these materials at a price point somewhere around "couldn't get more expensive if you'd just melted Mora down and spun it into silk."
Xianyun was pleased indeed with that reaction.
"One's disciple has worked many years at Yuehai Pavilion — a figure of standing and repute, surely, and more than worthy of such finery!"
Of course, Xianyun did not mention the unique aspects of the fabric or the accessories when she gave Ganyu this gift, mentioning only that the tailor's craftmanship had satisfied her.
Nonetheless, Ganyu could intuit the value of the raiment and the thought her master put into its impeccable artisanry from how the garment seemed to flow like water in her hands.
And so she changed out of her usual working clothes and came out, light of heart, to meet the adeptus and her gathered friends, and at that moment her mood did quietly change—
As the clear starry night sky, as a tranquil scene of fragrant blossoms.
"Putting duty aside to spend a carefree Lantern Rite with everyone... This, too, is an experience precious beyond measure."