The seasons turned, the days grew chill, and every store on Chihu Rock prepared for the new season.
Down went the cooling short garments at the clothing stores, and up went the velvet-quilt coats and fur-lined dresses.
Xiangling, who had just begun putting on winter clothes, thought then that Wanmin Restaurant, too, should switch up seasonal flavors.
Cooling bean soups were out, of course, but she had yet to think of what to make for the new season.
Logic dictates that a person's diet should match the time of year. Icy for hot weather, spicy in cold climes.
And on days when hearts frigid grow like falling flakes of snow, all long for a nice hot and hearty bowl.
What warms the mouth, warms the heart in turn, after all.
And when one speaks of hearty warmth, a hot pot comes to mind. Yes, mutton hotpot. Why not?
A bowl of delicious mutton soup and the company of close friends is the best way to end the year, after all.
And if she could satisfy her own picky taste buds, surely the customers, too, would be pleased.

And in truth, the ingredients needed for said soup were quite simple. Indeed, a friend of hers had already volunteered to buy them at her behest.
The difficult part was mixing the dipping sauce. This she would see to in person.
Of course, Guoba was welcome to help if he was interested. They could have some mutton soup together later.
The thick sauces, readied all-year round on the stove, must first be thinned a little, then mixed in homemade shrimp oil, before being mixed with cooled boiled water.
The small leafy veggies she diced, before Guoba mulched them and the condiments into a paste, which she then poured into the sauce bowl alongside the fermented tofu — the latter a Wanmin secret recipe.
Brown, green, red... Many flavors filled the bowl, together forming the warmest memory from every winter.
Ah, but not so fast — it is a Wanmin Restaurant tradition to pour on a spoonful of fried-on-the-spot Jueyun Chili oil atop the fresh seasoning mix.
The chilis themselves must be dried and de-seeded before boiling vegetable oil is poured onto them, and in a flash, forth pours a fragrant spiciness.
And with that spoonful of chili oil, the mutton hotpot sauce is ready.
Of course, such strong and appetizing smells are to kick up some steam — Xiangling and Guoba were barely able to stifle a simultaneous sneeze.
Oh, when was Hu Tao coming back with the meat? She could barely wait to get this hotpot started!