
One of the things that bedevils researchers who study relics is how,
Among the many sundials recovered from the ancient ash-covered ruins of the city,
They would, for some reason, find an engraving made in exactly the same spot by a burin.

Those who came from the canyons believed it was a time for those who had broken with their faith to light the obsidian pillars once more.
That day, the one acting on behalf of the leaders of the tribes, the daughter of the mines, Sakkuk, sent the wandering spirits back to the realm of the night.
Those who came from the hanging trees believed it was a time for those who had forsaken their contract to sign it once more with the Saurians of the six tribes.
That day, the great hero trusted by all warriors, the taciturn Yupanqui, used his sword to shatter the shackles binding the Saurian's neck.
Those who came from the spring's source believed it was a time for those who had forgotten their past to listen anew to the echoes of the waves.
That day, the elder of the twin heroes, the eloquent Atawallpa, rekindled the desire of all for past glories.
Those who came from the fertile lands believed it was a time for the oppressed to rise from the earth once more.
On that day, the younger of the twin heroes, the champion Waskar, stood first against the torrent of darkness.
Those who came from the mountain peaks believed it was a time for those who had been caged to return to freedom's nest once more.
That day, the scarlet-eyed hero summoned the god's fiery wrath, burnt the corroded city to ash, and restored the tribe to its own.

Only the one present who came from the mysterious smoke, the youth who knew the hidden secrets, remained silent.
Alone, the image painted on the blanched scroll came to mind. It is said that was a time when a black shadow shrouded the sun.
The heroes who had long prepared for this moment seized the opportunity to overthrow the insane king before the empty throne.
In the non-mainstream, unofficial histories, the man behind the plan was a skilled artisan who left no name behind.

"But the artisan left behind not a single word in the war that returned authority to the tribes
And afterward, he disappeared without a trace from the old stories, covered by layer upon narrative layer."

The youth smoothed over the nearly identical scratches on the sundials with his hand.
Imagining a time, unnumbered sunsets before, after the date to execute the plan had been agreed upon, those hands that might not ever have existed,
And the moment the owner of those hands had engraved those marks upon the sundials.