
In the long years before the Many Waters converged, the golden authority inundated all like a roiling tide, and where the iron legion went, the barbarians surrendered wholly.
The glorious world plated in gold was like a day without end, and just as the Harmosts steadfastly believed, the defeated people of bygone times submitted to the symphony of the new order...
That is how it should have been. But that order which represents civilization, a rapturous melody unmatched by mortals, was halted in the savage north,
The previously fractious tribes had united under the command of Aremorica's heir, and the fires of rebellion broke out across the empire's fragile borders...

This was the one later eulogized as "Lochknight": Opposing the omnipresent golden authority with a weak body of flesh and bone.
The songstress who ruled over many tribes never considered herself a sovereign. Instead, she proclaimed herself an oracle who could hear the Queen of All Waters.
In distant Capitolium, the sages turned up their noses at such absurdity, as though they were little more than the delirious ravings of children,
Yet still her army swept through the warring tribes like a storm, convincing their fellow tribesmen at swordpoint to pledge themselves to the Queen of All Waters.
Though the poems and plays of later generations have many versions of the Knight's pledge, there are two vows that run through every version like an indispensable thread:
First, never draw your sword against those who pledge faith in Egeria. Second, never compromise in the face of evil (also written as: Do not tolerate even a trace of filth).

"We swear by the ever-blooming silver flower, that we will drive the golden usurper from the high sea, and wash away injustice with blood and tears"
"We swear to protect the spirits arisen from pure water, to protect the blessings left behind by the Queen of All Waters, until the pure spring flows as before"

And thus did endless war spread like a plague, burning proud gold and untarnished silver alike.
In the end, the Harmost's desire to end the conflict tragically turned into little more than a passing mirage, and furious vengeance like roaring waves surged towards an irreversible outcome.
Until the light of salvation finally rose over the distant horizon, though it would never be reflected in the eyes of those who sought redemption...