
In the age where the burning realm's horns resounded never-ending, where heroes fought each other for conquest,
Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.

When the priests of smoke and mist lit bonfires tall enough to block out the sun and offered the blood of other species to their valiant ancestors and invisible deities;
When the hero who had drawn from the flame rode a tamed beast to the fortress built from massive stones through the guidance of the tribal Wayob;
When the reptiles that dwelled within a city so ancient that none knew its builders scaled its twisted towers in terror,
Only the wisest among dragons stood within the stagnant void, a silent observer of the grand, drawn-out tragedy.

Though the envoy of dusk was not part of its plan, the path of "evolution" did not thus deviate,
And through careful selection and cultivation, the tribal heroes it had nurtured had ascended to the stage of competition between all parties.
It believed that the strongest amongst them would become the hero who would rule all human tribes dwelling atop the black stone.
In his name, they would make a covenant, raise a banner of the blazing sun, and march upon the city of deep wells, that even gods had yet to conquer.

On that day, the living corpse on the throne would spit forth flame that could stain the sky red, and the new king would receive the primal fire as a tribute due them for ascension.
On that day, the dragons would once more bow before the overlord of two worlds, and the knowledge of countless years of civilization would be open to him.
For it knew that the foes in the shadows were not far off. Indeed, they still hid in the night's deepest depths, waiting to strike a final blow.
For it knew that neither the gods in their heavens nor the high king among dragons would suffice — all knowledge and strength had to be gathered before that day came.

Only by this could his stubborn kin awaken from the ancient, shattered dreams of a decrepit king.
Only by this could the ancient civilization welcome suitable successors and find its footing once more on the earth.