
This pocket watch was once given to the enforcers of Fontaine's justice.
It is not a particularly accurate watch,
But it can be used as a badge while on duty,
And it was once nigh-universally recognized across Fontaine.

The news of the Great Magician "Parsifal" requesting a trial by combat spread via the newspapers,
And this demand, alongside her unexpected transgression, caused quite the furor in the Court of Fontaine.
The court's agreement and person of choice caused a yet greater uproar.
Champion Duelist Marfisa was selected as the prosecution's representative in the duel.
Would Marfisa's origin disrupt either her judgment or performance during the duel?
What of her past connection to Parsifal? And most commonly understood...
Which of them was the stronger fighter? Such were the questions people reveled in discussing.

Karl Ingold, a journalist who once knew "Parsifal," had since retired,
And had resolved to never again take up such work, taking instead the company of explorers and their wilds, their wrecks, and their ruins.
But perhaps out of professional pride or an old memory, he had always treasured the pictures he took as a journalist.
Years later, when answering an invitation to meet old friends, sent by the Vice Director of the Narzissenkreuz Institute,
Upon looking upon the faces on the other side of the shutters as he took a group picture of the then-members of the Narzissenkreuz Institute,
He thought of how he had once passed back and forth between Poisson and the Court of Fontaine many times with such hope in his heart.
Those several months passed by like a dream — some would consider that too long, and others, too short.
He remembered his younger self, who would not give up, no matter how many people told him to escape,
No matter how the circumstances arose like a flood that might end everything and slowly blot out the light.
He remembered the many smiles he saw through the viewfinder, all their fanciful thoughts concerning the future he had heard,
And afterwards, the cries, sounds of fracturing and metallic clashes that sounded faintly from beyond the stone floor.
And as he recalled the girl who used a "trick" to forcibly shift herself to a dark, safe cavern,
Only then did the regret of not having recorded her final battle engulf his vision.