
It was here that the young apprentice, following the silver-haired researcher into the shadows of the world,
Beheld the ruins of a once-resplendent golden civilization, laid waste by devastation.
The towers, frozen in time and space, loomed like giants with shattered bodies, while the earth lay open as a weeping gash.
It was a blow that the master of the heavens had struck, a wound congealed upon the world since days long past.

All dreams of freedom had been annihilated, extinguished as fast as snow beneath a scorching sun.
A cruel reaping met every seed of rebellion before it could even sprout.
Even so, the researcher who had witnessed it all pressed on through the ruins,
Seemingly oblivious to the danger, moving deftly, as if dancing across a tightrope on blades of ice.

"Are you not afraid? The path you walk, the path once trod upon by those before you, ended in nothing but destruction."
"Are you not afraid? The threshold you seek to cross is long shattered, and the stairs, severed by the high heavens."

The silver-haired researcher listened quietly to the young apprentice's pleas for caution,
Even as she continued to sketch the design of a grand undertaking never meant to be.
As they spoke, the researcher recalled that the Domovoy before her was actually slightly older than herself.
But she did not sneer at the fear born of witnessing the collapse of a grand civilization. On the contrary,
She looked straight into those trembling eyes, and into the doubt at the very core of the other's being.

"The fire may have been lit, but what remains today is but its long-cooled grave.
We do this not to take on another's legacy, but to see clearly by the fire's light.
So fear not, for even if we are unable to step into the new world, there will be others after us who can go one step further.
And fear not, for even if we cannot cross the new threshold, our bones shall serve as the next step for others to climb."

The silver-haired researcher, a girl no longer, placed her pen in her apprentice's hand.
The young Domovoy's hand grew heavy, not from the feather, but the sheer weight of the researcher's conviction.