
It was the age when the banners of the tribes had been coated in dust, gradually losing their color.
And before the throne stands a half-man holding a cracked ring, playing with preeminence.
Strict orders were given that none should ever again give ear to the instructions left by the deep messengers of twilight, the distant ancestors, and the first ascended—
To hear them not from the mud-caked roots of trees, the flickering flames of bonfires, or the reflections found in the deep woods.

And so, the ancient gloom, the moment that engulfs a million darknesses, came at last,
Just as the stench of iron lingers even as bloodstains upon the ancient scrolls fade.
And so, when the pitch-black darkness thick enough to touch seized the depths,
The red-eyed youth, through countless calamities, returned from the kingdom where water flowed as rays of light to the hilly heights of the ineffable city.

As he stepped into the floating garden, the raspy warning of the blind, stooped old woman still clutched at his ear:
"As radiant flowers still blossom amongst the clinging vines of distant marsh,
Go seek, for here is the land of death, piled high with the skulls of behemoths—
Go seek those the truly righteous, who are still willing to stand in the cold, cruel night, to throw themselves onto the fire,
And remember — never betray their passion, their hatred, their greed, and their ambition!
Do not break faith with the eyes of those still willing to gaze upon the burning flames."

The first to arrive was a young girl, holding a dulled feather accessory. She sought out information for the youth like a quetzal, flitting between the tall tents.
The second were the hero twins, the elder whose lips and teeth were sharper than any blade, and the younger whose back bore the brunt of the tyrant's lash.
Upon hearing of how the scarlet-eyed youth had saved the Saurians, the taciturn warrior too was willing to contribute his strength.

"But we need someone who understands the layout of this city better than anyone,
Who can point out the paths in passages open and secret, and manipulate mechanisms as one might do to toys in the palm of their hand."
After the scarlet-eyed youth had spoken thus, the usually reticent and reserved hero,
That powerful hero who hoped Saurians and humans would live together in peace, remembered the rumor and spoke the name of a craftsman.