
It was a gift from the towering man upon the throne, given in celebration of her birth.
To the lord of ice and frost, whose years spanned the long ages, the blossoming of a human life passes in a mere blink of an eye.

He still remembered wandering in that world of shadows.
There, he recalled, lay the shattered golden homeland, the mother he had never met.
It was there that he discovered the secrets of the Hyperboreans that had been buried in the deepest reaches,
finding the answers about himself that he had pursued for thousands of years.
But nothing he learned was enough to free him from the endless pain and doubt,
for more often than not, wisdom is but a curse in disguise.

Countless times thereafter, he walked the ruins in the shadows, pondering whether he should shoulder such a burden...
For in this day and age, none remained who would demand the responsibilities and burdens he had been made to bear.

That is, until one day, he passed by a broken structure filled with life-sustaining devices from ages past.
Those must have been the efforts of the ancients to endure into the future, he thought, as the blade of the heavens hung ever lower over them.
Though he had seen such devices in the distant past,
the ones he encountered then were either broken or had otherwise failed.

This time was different. Among the darkened devices, one suddenly flickered to life, as if it had sensed something.
It was like a random number appearing in a cold calculation — a small, otherwise insignificant blip suddenly magnified beyond all proportion.
He opened the fragile hatch as if opening a treasure chest.
And inside he found, unconscious, yet still alive...
A silver-haired infant.

"Thank you for the gift," said the young lady as she sat upright and touched the fresh piercing in her ear. Her earlobes were still burning a little.
The king of the north returned to the present moment. The young lady, who was all grown up, spoke her thanks with a hint of probing intent.
"What can I give you in return?" She asked.
It was a question to which no answer was really needed. But all of a sudden,
a long, lingering sadness settled over his thoughts like frost,
and in the end, he relented and told the young maiden of the vision he had once held, or perhaps had held for far too long...