
In the long years before the Many Waters converged, legends of the Pure Grail circulated amongst the tribes of the people of bygone times.
Yet from time immemorial, none has yet laid eyes on the Grail itself. The sole evidence that this "Golden Grail Brimming with Primordial Water" is more than a mere fantasy born of human imagination,
Are a few scattered words echoing throughout the ages from ancient Oceanids.
Legends say that sacred vessel can cure even the most terrifying of wounds, restore youth, and revive the dead,
And that only the purest of people can behold its glory, obtaining eternal life and wisdom unending.

But as spake the ancient sages: Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change. The curtain may fall abruptly on the once most splendorous of songs in but a single night.
The cries of countless self-proclaimed civilized citizens sank into the endless waves along with the golden city bearing the name of eternity.
But as spake the ancient sages: Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change. The vow of vengeance, once sworn, may be torn asunder in a single night.
The songstress who swore to wash away her foes in a tide of blood and tears awoke from her familiar nightmare, only to see naught but raging waves spanning the horizon, even unto the far shore...

"O sons of the high sea, stained with original sin, we brother and sisters who have drunk deep from the well of suffering"
"You know well the fearful fate foretold, you have seen the cataclysm that will eventually come"
"Harden your heartstrings, and do not fear, nor be you dismayed"
"You need only seek out the primordial water, seek out the primordial chalice that grants every prayer"
"You need only speak your wish to her, and all sins shall be forgiven"

Thus, for the Oceanid's pledge, the songstress embarked on the road to seek the Pure Grail,
Thus, the heterodoxy that "the Pure Grail can grant any wish" began to spread far and wide among the people,
'Twas not until twilight's end that she finally realized, just what that "primordial chalice" actually was...