
Legends told of a nightingale, carrying an ember in its beak, that flew only on moonless nights.
A speck of fire that would streak across the firmament like a shooting star; a light in dark times.

Upon the ancient ruins of a castle, a vestige of an age of pioneers, stood the high tower of the "Lightkeepers," standing guard through the long night.
Centuries had passed since their ancestors had stood before the Tsaritsa, swearing an oath of eternal fidelity,
And the people living in "paradise" believed that, so long as their lighthouse stayed lit, they could live in freedom,
Neither fearing the chaos wrought by the pitch-black beasts, nor needing to seek refuge in the lands to the north.
Then one night, a chilling sound carried over the horizon's edge — the leader of the Wild Hunt was abroad, galloping across the night sky.
As ever, the night watchers laid down their great animal skin cloaks; yet that day, the sun rose not.

As the rallying horns echoed through the hills, warriors formed ranks at the high tower's foot,
Awaiting that momentous command to march south in fulfillment of their ancient vows.
Yet in the great mead hall, the current Starshyna sat in silence;
For already, a mighty host bright as midsummer's day had reached the city gates to the north.

"Warriors of the Pale Star, why do you choose this moment to knock at Piramida's gates?"
"Even you have no right to revoke the sacred powers bestowed upon us by Her Majesty the Tsaritsa."
Though they claimed to be reinforcements, these uninvited guests had ulterior motives, as the Starshyna knew full well;
But to yield at this juncture would spell the end of the autonomy they had upheld for centuries past.

From beneath the lead officer's mask came a voice, low and cold,
And in its wake a mocking laugh from parts unknown.
"That is where the dark calamity began. Remember, Snezhnaya cannot bear the weight of your defeat."
"Warriors of the Nightingale, fight with all your might! Yet, should none of you return..."
"Then we will take care of the 'aftermath.'"