
In the years when ancient humans dammed up the black tide with their very bodies, in the days when floating land and eternal night still walked separate roads,
Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.

All know that brave and wise Chaac took the ever-bright kindling from the hands of the Sage of the Stolen Flame,
And that he shared this kindling with his fellow tribespeople, passing the secret of fire on to all who came forth to study it.
Bidding farewell to long years of chaos and ignorance, the new sprouts of civilization sprung up once more from untamed wilderness,
But within their massive walls, the winged ones who lorded it over all had yet to realize that the wheel of fate had begun to turn.

Legend holds that the great Sage who dwelled in the stillness of the floating land knew the answer to all questions in the mortal world,
But that even he had no answer to two matters: the end of the living, and the homeward path of the dead.
Perhaps it was that the gods of the night realm ruled over the underworld, for they were great foes of the Sage in ancient days,
Or perhaps his long-considered plan would crumble should the everlasting flame reconnect with the roots of the earth.

Having mastered the majestic primal fire, fearless Chaac and his companions at last defeated that raging, wicked dragon, and founded the first tribe.
And yet even ancient heroes could not defy the verdict passed by time, for it is eternal, and so one by one, his companions bade him farewell.
At last, only Chaac was left, a veteran of countless battles. His tribe had scattered, and none now sang of his saga.
Only in the deepest nights could he hear that call from a faraway realm, as if to reignite the fading flame in his heart.
On the last night of his life, he climbed a high mountain to ignite the first flame. He called out, hoping to reunite with his former companions.
And the god of the night realm responded. That night, people throughout the land seemed to hear voices from another world,
Like a mother's clear song, like the low whispers of old friends — the birth-cry of the first Wayob of the Night Kingdom.