
He spoke to the scarlet-eyed young man and his heroes of the trials and tribulations he had endured.
It is said the king of the ineffable city once gathered skilled artisans from the tribes,
Underground, he excavated gargantuan beastly constructs, whose wings once caught the winds as great banners might, all to fulfill his ambitions.
But the king's erratic behavior had long been common knowledge, and so, on the day he finally probed the depths of the secrets,
He lit a great fire, intending to burn it all and all who knew of it, burying all together with the ruins, behind the stone gate...

Amidst the all-consuming inferno, as a doomed craftsman lay dazed at death's door,
A golden tear dripping from the stone head fell into his eye, and he saw much.
He spoke of the gigantic creations he saw in his stupor, of elaborate machines whirring.
He spoke of shadows driven by the flowing flames, climbing from the distant horizon up to the disk of the moon hanging in the sky.

"So, that golden tear is..." "The source of your fountain of fanciful stories?"
So the twin heroes, who had taken in the story as but a tale, asked as they giggled.
He could hear the incredulous jocularity in their tone, and they were always like this. The man had long grown accustomed to it.
As he felt the young girl's inquisitive gaze reach him, he forced a derisive laugh, causing the muscles in half his face to sting slightly.

In truth, he had seen far more in those flames that had nearly rendered his life as ash, such as flowing golden patterns,
Another path to escape from the ruins, as well as the manifold iron rules that had established the empire that stretched far and wide.
But the latter might be too far beyond the ken of the youths...
He set aside his wine vessel, which had but a few drops sloshing about the bottom left.

Perhaps, when the dust finally settled, and when the ancient cornerstone was restored,
When all had progressed farther, he could reveal everything, and this pleased him,
For at this time, his wildest fantasies already revolved around how to craft a brilliant imperial wall for the new king.