
Even in the long years before the Many Waters converged, in a tribe as short-lived as the waving seagrass, a gentle evening breeze once caressed the lingering moonlight.
A youth, yet ignorant of the laws of the God-King and the path laid by the heavens beyond his ken, adorned her ear with a butterfly wing.
In the traditions of the people of bygone times, the dancing butterflies were guides of souls, representing the vow and promise to not part until death.
Then, the warrior who had yet to become a musician deeply believed that the days to come were as innumerable as the countless yesterdays, like a whirling dance balanced on this single moment...

Yet the currents of fate swept inexorably towards pain and suffering, and the ephemeral wishes of days past perished amidst the cries of blood and flame.
When their paths next crossed, it would be in the faraway city, and the disparate tribes that once warred had all been united.
The young musician came disguised as a wandering traveler, and in the tournament defeated countless heroes of great renown whose praises would be sung for generations,
And at last, he was granted an audience along with the King as champion newly crowned. Ideals of harmony and glory were expounded upon, meaning to extinguish forever the fires of war and burning desire for vengeance.

Even the wisest of musicians never anticipated that the moment his identity was revealed, all that would greet him were blades shining like lakelight.
As the artificial body was cut to ribbons and his consciousness was about to return, the last thing the musician heard was her whispering as she took him into her arms...

"...████, my ████... You need no longer force yourself to speak that which you do not wish"
"I know that it is the accursed Usurper who has profaned your soul, and imprisoned you in stone"
"Worry not, my ████... I have never forgotten the oath we took then, not for a moment"
"No matter what price I must pay, I will save you from those freezing fetters, your eternal chains"
"And when we finally enjoy the embrace of the Queen of All Waters once more, we shall take leave of trouble and sorrow"
"When this pale butterfly takes flight and dances once more, it shall guide our souls to the far shore of the Many Waters"