
The little dog ran up to the attic, got a nose full of dust, and couldn't help but have a sneezing fit.
"Come on, Pie, just look at you! You used to be the color of Apple Pie, but now you look more like you've been covered in mulberry jam!"
The little girl pursued the dog named "Pie" into the tiny attic, and helped him brush the dust away.
The attic was filled with beautifully bound books, and the girl chose one from the shelf. The cover was adorned with beautiful golden-winged butterflies.
"It looks like a storybook. Maybe the stories that Mother likes to tell are from this book! What do you think, Pie?"
The little dog gave a short bark and curled up by her feet as usual.
"Hmph! If I can finish it before Mother..."
And so the girl opened the storybook, and the yellowed pages unfurled like the wings of a butterfly...

That was a story that happened not long ago. Legends say that in the Echoing Woods, there lived a witch who could grant any wish.
But this witch was just as eccentric as those to be found in other stories. She used magic to cover the entire forest in a thick, impenetrable fog. Any who entered would be confused by the echoes, and so few could find her secluded hut, much less make any wish.
But one day, a youth finally knocked on the witch's door.
The youth had originally been looking for a blue flower, but his gaze had been drawn by a golden-winged butterfly. As he chased it, he arrived at the witch's hut without realizing it. Only then did he recall the legends of the wish-granting witch, and after hemming and hawing, he finally decided to knock.
Before he could knock thrice, the door opened.
"I have a wish..." Began the youth.
"That's what they all say." The witch cut him off, "For me, granting your wishes is a trifling matter. But the price of said wish is different for everybody."
"The girl I love... Her heart already belongs to another. But I do not wish to use the power of magic to change her feelings, I only want her to have all the happiness in the world. If you can grant this wish, I will give you anything I have, my time, my money, even my soul, I willingly offer it all to you."
"Your wish will come true. But the price will be paid in the future, and the price won't necessarily be your soul... We witches do what we will."
"But what in this world could be more precious than a person's soul?"
"You'll know when the appointed time comes, that only a heart of gold may be weighed."
...