
Those were the days when the sinners had yet to commit their unforgivable offense, somewhere deep within the earthly subterranean kingdom.
The people of the kingdom had never seen the sea, nor had they ever seen the real sun.
But even in this dark, sunless place, some tried to reach for the secrets of the stars.
However, they gazed not at the stars but sought the truth in the mirror's false reflection.

Perhaps because of the kingdom's unique location, strange phenomena often appeared in the star charts within its bounds.
These phenomena were recorded by astrologers as "Signs of Truth," reflecting their deep desire to uncover truth.
"Maybe, even if the mirror shows nothing but illusions, it is only by piercing through them that we can reach the truth."
This was the conclusion the astrologers reached over time as they pored over their voluminous star charts.
But unbeknownst to the philosophers of their time, they had already glimpsed a tiny fragment of the infinity that was the eternal bedeviled sky...

Many years passed, long enough for the earthly gods to fall, one by one, and for the atrous sun to rise where the crimson moon once hung.
Even then, there were those who had already uncovered the secret behind the great sin, and so, the study of the stars became a forbidden pursuit.
Only a select few within the kingdom were then granted the privilege of sidestepping the ban, so they might better serve their one-eyed ruler.

Yet the unexpected always finds a way, just like the moment when an unwitting novice monk brushes away the dust that has concealed Apaosha's mirror,
unveiling the wondrous light that encircles the distant horizon and filling that tiny stargazing chamber with brilliance once more.
How beautiful the pitch-black Elysium is, how dazzling... and yet how utterly... profane.
In the blink of an eye, it consumed young Rauthvangi's every thought and desire.
Thus began the tale and transgressions of the mad monk, who in later days would sing the praises of the abyss beyond the heavens...