
In the long years before the Many Waters converged, the tribes of the people of bygone times had the tradition of tolling bells.
The bells once tolled for sunrise, for sunset, for births, and for deaths,
And in the end, at the final moment of the golden blanket that covered the dome of the sky, the bells tolled for destruction.

The tireless iron legions completely erased the name tribes now long forgotten from the map,
But never once considered that the prosperous empire itself would meet the same fate just a few short decades later.
The golden palace turned to rubble in a night, the noble music collapsed by ambition and betrayal,
The sorrowful wish of the God-King thus ended, yet the echoes of the golden melody still reverberated in mortal hearts:
Some wallowed in the glory of the past, and sought to play the music once more at any cost,
Some abandoned their old names of their own accord, and hunted the ghosts lurking in the forests for a peaceful tomorrow,
Some kept only their previous names and hid them in song along with the hazy legends of the past...

"A sacred vessel that can grant any wish... Heh, even if that Oceanid messenger actually said that, it sounds pretty preposterous"
"Nobody can wash away their sins, just like you can't wash blood out of water. Even if it's completely forgotten, sin is still sin"
"None can revive the past, just like none can retrieve the light of day. The past is dead, and even I know that"
"..."
"But if such artifacts do exist in this ridiculous world, if this one really can grant all wishes"
"If all the tears of the future really could be wiped away, and the heirs of the high sea would never again need suffer the pain and sorrow of the past"
"Then let me drown in such fantastical delusions one last time"

The wailing and weeping that had whirled in her ears for decades, those phantoms of the past,
Those who died for her, those who died because of her, none of that was important any longer,
Before she took that step alone into the valley, it was as though she heard that sound ringing from the past once more— the tolling of the night bell...
Though the twilight sun is clear to all, some will always see it as the light of dawn.