
It is said that the first Torchforger hailed from the wintry city of the furthest north, the Nightingale's emblem a mark of his illustrious heritage.
Originally engaged as spies, the family was elevated to the gentry by the Winter Tsar;
And thus did this man of humble origin step into the royal palace, now mingling among the fae dignitaries of the court.
When the nations found themselves swept up by that calamity, the frontier regions — once the locus of high hopes during the pioneering age — found themselves bereft of the gods' protection.
In Nod-Krai's darkest hour, from the north came only a single rider clad in dark silver armor.
As if knowing why he had come, the maiden of the new moon lit a beacon to dispel the darkness.

On the eve of their departure for the Lempo Isles to the south, a grand banquet was held for the warriors in the great mead hall.
Of those present, the most striking was undoubtedly a certain young warrior, clad in a dark tasseled helmet, polearm clutched in hand.
Among the Ratniki of the time, few are those who still wore such archaic, cumbersome armor,
For it symbolized their bloodline as descendants of those warriors who first fought alongside the Torchforger to repel the black tide.
Despite having neither fief nor noble title, they continued to uphold the oaths of their ancestors,
For they believed that somewhere out there, the lord of all fae and erstwhile protector of all Snezhnaya watched over them still.

Amidst the sludge-sullied tundra, now soaked too in the blood of heroes, the young warrior knelt among the bodies of his fallen comrades.
Sacrifice had always been the Ratnik's fate and honor; but if he could save one more soul, rescue just one other, then all the better.
And so, like his ancestors before him, he prayed to an old god that no one now called upon, as well as to the Knyazes he had once held dominion over.

Perhaps awakened by the sound of the horn, or drawn by the long-forgotten scent of bloodshed, or maybe just out of boredom,
Somewhere out there, as if in answer to his pleas, a long-dormant phantom stirred from slumber.
That ghostly blue wildfire of which ancient legends spoke would burn brightly anew on fresh fields of battle...