
That was a time when frost's gentle light had long shattered like a silver mirror, but when the new moon had yet to rise.
The gods' ancient blessing, like a lone spark on the vast tundra, eventually flickered out.
As the heavenly moon passed from the sky, the earth that could not become the moon began to wither.

The great deeds miracle workers did in years past had faded into vaporous prayers, and those prayers were now the silent worries of the masses.
In those crumbling, moonless nights, even a holy woman of the purest blood,
Was hard-pressed to weave the flowing light into a song that could move the world, as her ancestors once did.

No matter how fervently the ancestors of the far north once vowed to follow their departed gods,
Their descendants, mortals in this sublunary sphere, lived lives as fleeting as a flickering flame.
In days long gone, when one could still behold holy women and Archpriestesses channeling the grace of the gods,
People yet believed the new moon would one day arise from the shattered light.
And so, when the last glimmer of grace had faded and miracles were no longer witnessed,
The line between so-called faith and so-called lies in turn grew as thin and fragile as the morning mist.

Legend has it that the antler crown of Moonchanters today was a gift from the Frost Moon at the moment of its obliteration.
The silver tree was splintered, and bereft of white branches they might find, the priesthood pleaded for new coronals.
Out of pity, the mistress of the moon wove holy crowns for them out of flawless moonlight, ones innate to their birth.

That was why the last Archpriestess chose to forge her circlet from cold, pure iron.
The young Lovia was just a priestess then, one who had never once witnessed a moonlit blessing,
And she dreamed that such lies, that deceived others and oneself alike, could still bind the unfaithful believers together.

Decades later, when the false antlered crown sank into the foul, corrupt blood,
That which reflected in her eyes was still not the flawless moonlight, but the frigid night swallowed whole by her own shadow.