
In the rotating galleries of Zapolyarny Palace, the banquets and dances never seemed to stop.
The fae nobles, fond of luxury, considered attending banquets their most important duty.
Even the hardest heart could be softened by the rich aroma of fine wine...
And many important affairs of state, both great and small, were often decided by those in a slight tipsy haze.
 
Professor Rotwang, whom the nobles called the "mad monk" in private, had attended court rather frequently of late.
This was not just because he had become the Tsar's favorite through his mastery of alchemy and astrology,
Nor simply because he constantly uttered profound aphorisms that inevitably sent everyone in the room into laughter.
What truly made the nobles sit up and take notice was the legends surrounding him.
 
It was said that the Grand Duke Photius once, out of envy, sought to get rid of this troublesome viper.
He replaced the fine fire-water with a deadly poison... But to his astonishment, the good professor appeared completely unaffected after drinking it.
In the end, the grand duke himself took a knee to the monk, even becoming the latter's most devoted follower.
 
Another tale had it that Filipov, the most adept of the fae at the art of transformation, once publicly called the professor's research nothing more than an elaborate hoax.
The mad monk responded to the accusation with naught but a calm smile. Then, before everyone's eyes, he summoned the soul of Filipov's late wife, who had been appearing in the bereaved fae's dreams.
These tales became a favorite topic of chatter at banquets. But whenever someone tried to confirm their truth, the professor remained silent.
Perhaps no one truly cared whether these stories were true. Maybe they only existed to entertain banquet guests between songs and dances.
 
Or perhaps, to the nobles, an outlander with no local ties was more worthy of their trust.
Of course, it would be even better if he could assist them with a few niggles.
But how could mere actors in this drama have foreseen the tragic denouement's coming?