
Even in this fertile land where martial prowess prevails, some have eyes only for books and knowledge.
So it was for a certain someone who claimed to be the President of the Saurian Relics Association, who carried thick woven scrolls day in and day out,
Or spent those days tampering with mystery mechanisms of unknown provenance. To prove that his research was not utterly useless,
He would also make some items, with this strangely shaped beast-claw goblet being his pride and joy.

At that time, he had yet to realize how much of a luxury all this pointless study was.
When dark nightmares devoured homes, all the woven scrolls they worked so hard to find were destroyed in the fires of war.
His daily routine, to which he was long used, evaporated as if he had awakened from a quiet afternoon nap,
And destiny pushed him onto another path, and in this he no longer had any choice.

He had once read in the oldest scrolls that the ruins left by the ancient dragons contained weapons capable of defending against the demons.
So, to prevent his comrades from dying in vain, he put his past research aside, dedicating the rest of his life to a new cause.
The machines of the secret source excavated from those abandoned ruins were restructured and modified to aid the warriors.
Perhaps it was the knowledge accumulated over the years, or perhaps it was some wise sage's guiding hand behind the scenes, but the project went incredibly smoothly,
Until, at last, in the depths of a forsaken city, he discovered a secret — or perhaps a curse — that had been hidden for thousands of years.

Legends held that the Python King of Ochkanatlan once built a sky-faring treasure ship,
And that within this ship was a secret prize that could drive the Abyss beyond the bounds of the world.
Such legends became a balm to those eking out survival in such desolate times,
And a beacon to countless adventurers who embarked on lengthy journeys to save the world.

Not one who ventured forth returned, making the scholar a target for public scorn,
Yet he kept faith that this was no lie, that this was a truth he had witnessed with his very own eyes.
Some say he meant to prove his point, or perhaps he meant to end all this,
But the traveling scholar, at last, joined a team of adventurers, heading toward the city up in the clouds.