
That was a time when frost's gentle light had long shattered like a silver mirror, but when the new moon had yet to rise.
It was then that the great plan, carried through countless generations since the time of extinction, was on the verge of culmination.

The bloodline, purified for over a thousand years, would at last give birth to the chosen one destined to reign over Elysium.
The false sevenfold radiance of the high heavens would fall at her feet, and the bones of the earth would rise to follow her.
For from her would spring union with the world, and from her would the first great cause be rebuilt.
That was the sacrosanct duty that had been passed down to the daughters of the far north. So it should have been. So it should have been...

But on a moonless, snowbound night, the girl chosen to bear the sacred heir met the boy from the northern realm,
And in his eyes, as clear as a winter's day, she beheld a reflection of a self she had never known.
This unfamiliar stirring was enough to make the holy woman turn her back on destiny for that young officer from afar.
For this new feeling, this foolishness called love, she cut off her bloodstained antler-crown and cast it down upon the snowy earth.

The fallen one, who had betrayed her own people, ultimately failed to fulfill her destined duty.
She was captured by a spy sent by the mad monk and was soon to be returned to the homeland she was meant to love.
But as she looked down at the officer by her feet, crimson pooling beneath him, she drew the dagger to her throat in one final, fatal kiss.

And so, the woman who failed to bear the sacred heir was buried in haste, her death forestalling the prophecy.
Fortunately, the leaders of every generation had long prepared for premature end of such a blessed lady.
Lovia, the then-Archpriestess, swiftly turned to a lesser branch of the bloodline for spares.
But the twin sisters born of this lineage were a pale shadow of the one they were meant to replace.

Hundreds of years might now have to pass before another child of sufficient purity was born.
Seeing the glory of the great endeavor slip from her grasp like dissipating dew,
The antler-crowned Archpriestess, maddened by anguish and obsession, hatched a terrible scheme.
Why wait for the thousand winds to sweep through several generations? If they were too impure,
Their flesh and blood too weak to bear the radiance of true moonlight... Did the Frost Moon's boon not linger faintly in all ███?
Then let ███ purify their ███!

Thus, in the name of flawless moonlight, the priestess committed an act so profane,
That even the mistress of the Frost Moon would recoil in horror at the blasphemy...