
It was the age when Grand Symphony had yet to be played, and the golden fleet had yet to set sail.
To discover how the curse might be broken, the glorious king set out the find the sourcewater.
Blood and hatred pervaded beneath the High Sea, for that was the kingdom where the Dragonborn dwelled.
The prince of vishaps who once served the spirit of the ancient sea now guarded the prison of the Mistress of Many Waters.

It was as if a war from the dawn of time reignited, and the resulting battle boiled the seas for thirty days and thirty nights.
It was only when exhaustion bought respite that the God King used music to voice his purpose.
Unexpectedly, the vishap-prince roared with laughter upon hearing this arrogative delusion:

"Usurper-lord of mortals, you fear the senseless curse, and excoriate the chains of fate, but know not that my kind has suffered agony a hundred times yet greater."
"We have lost our soil and sunlight, and we now may only exist in the lightless abyssal depths."
"Usurper-lord of mortals, surely you know that fate is the rite of the high heavens, and cannot be changed even in the slightest. To have this thought is tantamount to revolt against that authority."
"But if you truly wish to plot such folly, then I shall take you to see the Mistress of Many Waters."

And so, in the deepest depths of the waters, the abode of eternal night, from the merciful Mistress of All Waters,
The glorious ruler learned every terrifying secret — yet he found no answer leading to salvation.
The Mistress of Waters had once committed an unforgivable sin, and the resulting curse was also irrevocable.
In the end, this king who still harbored ambition and hope decided to take a cup of the purest water before leaving.

"If the waves shall devour my subjects, then I shall seal their souls in an Ichor that is utterly insoluble in all waters."
"If time shall rot my realm, then I shall forge imperishable bodies of bronze and stone for them."

When the mighty sea breeze blows over the golden kingdom, will the wheel of fate turn with it? None know...