
"O High Lord of the Nobles of Khaenri'ah, the crimson-red moon has long since fallen into the abyssal firmament, and the blindness of your blood has ended your line,"
"O benevolent lord who leadeth us, should you still pity the children of humanity, then drink deep the wine in this cup."

It was an ancient era, before the dark sun's light illuminated the underground, and an ancient and glorious clan still ruled that vast kingdom.
The dogmatic priests convinced the muddle-minded king upon the throne that the remnants of the Crimson Moon in the sky ruled all,
For it is the color of the moonlight that flows beneath mortal flesh, and the darkness hidden within the bottom of the abyss shall too emerge from the Crimson Moon.
This being so, the king of humanity should take upon himself the name of the Crimson Moon, and by the light and flame of two worlds judge fickle fate.
Thus they yearned for transcendent individuals to build countless glorious towers, and prayed for the long-dead Crimson Moon to bring them salvation.
Until the astrologists branded as heretics glimpsed in the inverted image of the false sky the origin of all the world's fate,
Until the unquenchable flames of doubt and fury blazed across the dreamless realm like wildfire, finally burning to the moonlight-hued palace itself...

By the time of the blackened sun, the name of the Crimson Moon had long faded along with the crimson that had flowed. Only the epithet "Balemoon" remained to stain the lingering detritus.
Whether the unclean who suffered from the curse, or those unblemished ones not yet tainted by fate, none would again consider themselves a follower of the moon's remnants.
Few survived the utter destruction of their kind, hiding in the shadows where the sun did not shine, longing for the Crimson Moon to decree their desire for vengeance be repaid—

But the so-called repayment never came, and the dark sun fell to the same ignorance and arrogance.
When destruction once again was nigh, only the mocking moonlight spilled forth upon the shadow of the sun, long burnt to ash.

"Fate, fate, O terrifying and pale fate, why must you abase yourself and submit to such a tyrannical usurper
If the Balemoon's remnants had already sealed your doom, what meaning could be found in the blood vengeance of bygone days?
If the destiny she wove mocks us so, then let us mock destiny as loudly as we may
Until the last shadow of the ashen sun burns away the old world, until the Crimson Moon witnesses the immaculate dawn."