...

As the academic world has acknowledged, the script for "Black Snow Swan" is based not only on an original story but also references some folk songs, manuscripts, and other scripts preceding the creation of the Korolevskiy Troupe.
The following two scripts are from the Palestar Songbook, which precedes the present day by around 300 years. Their lines, tone, rhythm, and even sentences are almost identical, and it is impossible to tell which was written first. In the second act of "Black Snow Swan," the white snow swan Tatyana's final dance is adapted from one of these passages, with the removal of a sword dance that has nothing to do with ballet (but which commonly appears in ancient fae theater). The original text is published exactly as it is, to ensure complete accuracy and authenticity.

...

"White"

...
Passage Summary: The Elfking tempts the young woman Tatyana, who has resolved to elope, to murder her lover.
...

Tatyana: See you now, my father, the Elfking of renown?
Tatyana: The beautiful Elfking, with robe and crown.
Tatyana's Father: My daughter, you see naught but the futile wind.
Tatyana's Father: Cold it be, but not as human hearts unkind.
Tatyana: My father, my father, can you not now hear?
Tatyana: The promises the fair Elfking breathes into mine ear?
Tatyana's Father: My daughter, you hear the voice that snow and breeze begot.
Tatyana's Father: Though cold, it bites not quite so nigh as benefits forgot.

Elfking: Such is man, cold-hearted, forgetting favors received.
Elfking: As you are also, lovely Tatyana,
Elfking: Who for your beloved shall abandon your father.

Tatyana: But not my heart, unlike you, venom'd snake, who lavish attention equally to all.
Tatyana: For though you wait upon them so, in the end you shall bite their ankles. I will not heed your lies.
Tatyana: Yes, I shall elope with my beloved. If you will, report me and my cause aright to my father,
Tatyana: And let the rest be silence. Slay me with your sword, if it pleases you!

Elfking: Wondrous imagination! Yet to feel fate's cruelty most acutely thereby is to nurse a festering wound.
Elfking: You yearn for beautiful sentiment, for pure love, for you have yet to taste its fragrance.
Elfking: But say I to you that this stage, though huge, is but a scene in a play. The heavens have long arranged all.
Elfking: Once the oath is broken, the skies shall forever be shut. Our lot shall be to struggle and sink within this filthy sludge.
Elfking: The bird that should once have belonged in the sky shall have its wings broken, and shall fall to the sullied soil. Is this what you wish for?

Tatyana: And what would you know of that?
Elfking: That even now, your heart wavers?
Elfking: I am you. I know as a matter of course.

Tatyana: And what would you have me do?
Elfking: Ah, you love him, do you not?
Elfking: Love is like a blade that pierces your heart. Will his promise today stand tomorrow?
Elfking: See! This sword is purer than his lies. A fine blade, but alas, without a scabbard.

Tatyana: You wish for me to...
Elfking: Ah! Did I ever say such terrible words? And from whose mouth should I expect thanks?
Elfking: I swear now upon my reputation that I meant only to present you this lovely sword, no more, no less.

...