
The circulation of money traces the very arteries of the world.
Countless lives would flow alongside the tides of blood, until they are swept away and swallowed up.
Of course, everything should have been counted among the accomplishments of humanity.
Just as numbers and mathematics were born to calculate measures of money,
There would be written records to chronicle debts, and laws to determine the transfer of wealth.

Humanity should have been the master of currency, and not its slave.
And the heart of gold should beat for the world of humanity.
—Of course, no one can truly own money.
It has merely been borrowing the hands of humanity,
To flow from one corner of the world towards the end of time.

A certain person has found this fact most difficult to comprehend,
That this so-called "corner of the world" could have been deliberately selected and defined.
That same person has also found this fact most impossible to accept,
That the great achievement that should have belonged to humanity,
Has been proposed and constrained by that so-called "god."
And this is why the system must be overhauled.
Since the heart of money has been seized by a god from a distant land,
Then they now hold the power to enslave everyone at their whim.
Even if becoming the master of the heart of gold may be an impossible task to accomplish,
The control of money should still be given equally to all.

"It may be difficult for you to imagine this with words alone, so allow me to show you how it'd look like in the world."
"We'll start by creating a new currency to replace the dependence on Mora."
"As for the location, it should be a micro-economy isolated from the rest of the world."
"I've set my sights on a nation within a nation with minimal interference from the divine."
"Infiltrating it shouldn't take too much time."

"And what should I name the new currency? Hmm, I am really not a fan of naming things. Oh, I've got just the word."
"In honor of the credit you've given me to run this experiment, I will call it the Credit Coupon."

The overseer made of precision machinery rumbles as it observes the monetary flow of the tiny nation,
Tirelessly recording the movement of every amount of money, the savings and spending of all,
The changes in value, and the number of times each piece of currency is circulated over a specific period.
The only law present is the private law of the hoarder, and the only sanctions are poverty or death.
Either to become a rentier and gain power and control, or to be subjected to control and work to death. The rules are always fair.

Thus, humanity will stand on equal ground with the Gods by virtue of their inherent ambitions and wealth,
And the weak who failed to prevail shall be swallowed by the flood that is the mortal world.
The power of the Gods shall no longer intervene to embellish the power of the wealthy before the poor,
Nor shall the wealth of the Gods descend, to rescue the dignity of the poor from the feet of the rich.