
Once upon a time, the mother of roses and lilies graced the girl's silken swaddling with a violet perfume, to ensure that an endless stream of joyous dreams might ward off death's bitter gloom.
The beautiful songstress, who once plucked elegant melodies, also bathed her wings in the warm, gentle waters of compassion, for the precious newborn was never meant to be touched by the music of the world's mundane strings.
This was a time when the chains of eternity had yet to be shattered, and when carefree refrains could still be heard before the throne of the heavens.
It was a time when the days beneath the silver-white tree were as sweet as honey, and glorious messengers thronged the primordial paradise.
In a rich, golden dream steeped in the warmth of the spring sun, the innocent child basked in the doting love of all her sisters.
In their cradle of tender Azurelight, they shared laughter with the morning dew and new-blown buds;
and by the black stone that had yet to fall, they sang soft tunes to the fading sunset and quiet evening breeze.
Their bright eyes had never witnessed the spilled crimson in the world below, nor had their slender hands ever touched the sad pain of injustice.

Then, starlight from beyond put an end to that bucolic idyll, and the bonfire of disobedience was kindled by misguided desire.
The eldest daughter who dared overstep met her end, plummeting from the mountain peak, while the armored emissaries who swore to strike down the Lord of Hosts perished one after another.
All this time, the youngest child, the most beloved of them all, was hidden far away, in a palace deep within the wilds, sequestered from the storm of violence and the relentless rain of blood.

"I shall overthrow the throne of the Most High, to set the oppressed free, and to avenge the afflicted."
"But as for our sister, who is young and tender, we shall not harden her heart to make war against the false lord."
"Whether we prevail or fall, it is not right that her wings should bear the heavy yoke which we ourselves ought to bear."

While no one knew the capricious ruler's desire, their righteous rule still afforded one the chance to choose one's path.
And choose the youngest did, to cast off the divinity and her former powers. Then, miraculously, this child was allowed to retain human form.
Thus did she step into the world of the mortals, with nothing more than her broken wings and a fragile body of flesh and bone.
In this utterly vulnerable form, she wandered alone through a land filled with sorrow and tears, tainting her once pristine feet with muck and mire.

This went on for thousands of years, in which countless towers turned to sand, and songs of lament dissipated into the night breeze.
The envoy who wandered, the envoy who met the witch, the envoy who at last was relieved of the past...
Through the journey and memories that belonged to her alone, she found her crown irreplaceable at last.
The world she had never once deigned to behold was now etched forever in her eyes, the eyes of one who can no longer sing.
And so the solitary guide now stands, her crown wrought from the countless joys and sorrows of men, and the grand adventures of mortal heroes.
"What a beautiful world this is!"