Just as a butterfly is nothing more than a shriveled green cocoon before its metamorphosis,
The graceful Red Flamingo is naught but an ash-ball of feathers in its infancy,
And so it was with the great priest who bewitched the people with confounding words,
Who spent much time silent after his birth.

The elder who oversaw the tribe's ritual fire claimed that half his soul had been lost in the night flames,
And so, on his birthday, the silent child stepped into the barren lands of stone to seek his missing self.
But such a journey was full of perils, for the soul must cross seven curtain layers to gain audience with the Lord of Silence,
And few return, even with the aid of Saurian companions who can traverse the two realms.
Only Mahamba, most enigmatic of the Iktomisaurs, was willing to accompany this boy into lands unknown.

In the long hall paved with obsidian, the boy was as a person whose eyes were opened for the first time.
Memories of the ancient realm flowed like water through his pupils, and amidst the floating fluorescent lights,
It was as if he himself had truly lived through those years... When the first Pyro Archon made a vow to his forces before the volcano,
He stood in the shadow of many heroes, though he had never been in these past memories.
When the city-sacking Sacred Lord, fallen into a haze, was beaten down by the crimson-eyed youth on the stairs before an empty throne,
Down he gazed, and saw the face of the one who had fallen into dark mud above the city that was set ablaze.

All that had happened in the past granted him comprehension of all words, their syllabic structures, and the meaning behind them,
And that also allowed him to see further and for longer into the skeins of time,
Until he realized that night's master had arranged for all this to be shown to him.
At that time, the now-grown child saw a shadow that would soon cover the whole of Natlan, and the monsters from beyond.
He saw the black shadow that enveloped the lonely isle, burrowing at all boundaries like a tarsal maggot, ravaging like a fire.
Where the dark shadow lay, the deceased and the soon-to-die alike would weep aloud.

When the dark fog was about to touch the tribes of Natlan, he could not help but cry: "Stop!"
And with his first words, he suddenly awoke, finding himself lying by a blue bonfire.
He saw Mahamba's eyes flash with a dim light, then the elder gave him a ceremonial staff.

From that day on, Sanhaj, who knew all things about the past,
Would use those ancient words to censure the fools who would make light of future dangers.
From that day on, Sanhaj, who knew all stories, would weave a great net of lies,
To turn the stacks of woven scroll into a veil, so as to hide a past that should not again be touched.