...

As the academic world has acknowledged, the script for "Black Snow Swan" is based not only on an original story but also references some folk songs, manuscripts, and other scripts preceding the creation of the Korolevskiy Troupe.
The following two scripts are from the Palestar Songbook, which precedes the present day by around 300 years. Their lines, tone, rhythm, and even sentences are almost identical, and it is impossible to tell which was written first. In the second act of "Black Snow Swan," the white snow swan Tatyana's final dance is adapted from one of these passages, with the removal of a sword dance that has nothing to do with ballet (but which commonly appears in ancient fae theater). The original text is published exactly as it is, to ensure complete accuracy and authenticity.

...

"Black"

...
Passage Summary: By the lake, an envoy from the south seeks to persuade the Rusalka Vaselisa, who has resolved to leave her homeland, to murder her new liege.
...

Vaselisa: See you now, my father, that envoy of renown?
Vaselisa: The beautiful envoy, with robe and crown.
Vaselisa's Father: My daughter, you see naught but the futile wind.
Vaselisa's Father: Cold it be, but not as human hearts unkind.
Vaselisa: My father, my father, can you not now hear?
Vaselisa: The promises the fair envoy breathes into mine ear?
Vaselisa's Father: My daughter, you hear the voice that snow and breeze begot.
Vaselisa's Father: Though cold, it bites not quite so nigh as benefits forgot.

Envoy: Such is man, cold-hearted, forgetting favors received.
Envoy: Such as you, pitiable Vaselisa,
Envoy: Who for your new liege shall abandon your father.

Vaselisa: I do this for my kin, unlike you, venom'd snake, who lavish attention equally to all.
Vaselisa: For though you wait upon them so, in the end you shall bite their ankles. I will not heed your lies.
Vaselisa: Yes, I shall serve that loving liege. If you will, report me and my cause aright to my father,
Vaselisa: And let the rest be silence. Slay me with your sword, if it pleases you!

Envoy: Wondrous imagination! Yet to feel fate's cruelty most acutely thereby is to nurse a festering wound.
Envoy: You yearn for the loving one's order, believing that he can protect your kin, and yet you do not perceive the poisonous cunning in his words.
Envoy: Have his retainers not plotted against your people, plunging them into Fire-Water?
Envoy: Rather than kneel and become a slave, why not rule? Or do you wish to break your own wings to achieve your purposes?

Vaselisa: And what would you know of that?
Envoy: That even now, your heart wavers?
Envoy: We are both fae. Surely I know.

Vaselisa: And what would you have me do?
Envoy: Ah! Does your new liege not proclaim himself to be of "love"?
Envoy: He trusts you, just as he trusts all his brothers and sisters.
Envoy: Trust is ever so sharp, like this pristine longsword.
Envoy: My liege forged this in person. A fine blade, but alas, without a scabbard.

Vaselisa: You wish for me to...
Envoy: Ah! Did I ever say such terrible words? And from whose mouth should I expect thanks?
Envoy: I swear now upon my liege's reputation that I meant only to present you this lovely sword, no more, no less.

...