
Legends have it that this ceremonial sword once belonged to a musician, whose name has long been forgotten.
Layer upon layer of ostentatious decorations and shining gems prove this was no pedestrian instrumentalist.

According to the legends, that musician was immensely proud of an ancient, grand symphony, but never played it in front of anybody else.
For that music would no longer inspire applause or lamentation in this chaotic world, nor would any trouble themselves to transcribe such a complex composition...
There is an opera in Fontaine that portrays his life — Though none know his origins, all understand his tragedy.
Just like so many of humble origin, he decided his fate in the city to which all waterways lead.

"Students! We are the weavers of music, the harmonizers of authority, and the music will advance at our command!"
"Our music is as the waves and the ripples, the rhythm of the truncheon and the caress of a lover, conquering all who hearken!"
In the towering theater academy, the lecturers explained that magnificent music, imparting civilization and art to their ignorant pupils.
The notes on the scores and melodies were arranged in flawless order, and were played perfectly with absolute reason and wisdom...

"But, how can the will of order rely upon adherence to rigid convention? Musicians must be as those who transcend. They must become the voice of the sublime."
"The sublime must be powerful, like the cry of birds on a mountain summit, the frothing wrath of the stormy sea. Order must have boundless passion."
"And after, glory shall proceed from passion, passion shall create unity, and unity shall stabilize order — this must be the essential role of music and musicians."
"The passion from vanquishing one's foes, from loving one's comrades — these are the sublime emotions that separate humanity into masters and slaves."
Later, just as the opera sang, this unique understanding and interpretation of the music elevated the musician to the loftiest of halls...
In that age, under the direction and sole authority of the musician, music became the scepter and shield of authority, conquering countless listeners.

In the golden era, the listeners were intoxicated with this sublime beauty, and shared joy and sorrow in pursuit of the same passion.
But when the people's sight is blocked by a mountainous wave, the wailing of those devoured will be silenced...
And when that towering theater academy was finally destroyed amidst the tsunami, the people were terrified to discover—
The skeletal corpses of those burned away by the musician's passion, exposed at last, sticking up from beneath the foundations.