
That was an age unsung by even the most learned bards of today.
Of the long-lived species of old, most were still wild beasts, chaos yet burning in their eyes.
The claws of the ruler who once held dominion over all had long since threaded their way through the pale, drifting dust.
The king who sought the world beyond set the moons aloft, to govern the cycles in their stead.
After her revival, she couldn't help but feel that her scattered memories of that time had been stripped of all insight, like soil that had turned to dust.
They no longer seemed real, like thoughts flaring into being, then fading away in a trance.

She had once followed the Master of Light and Flame to visit the moon-dwelling wills on their three lunar thrones of jade.
By that time, the king's own throne sat vacant, and shadows poured over the sky, while each dragonlord acted as they pleased.
The Master of Light and Flame had sought their help, hoping to pick up the trail of the king who had stepped into the fog between stars.
But the only answer he received was three separate silences in three different palace halls.
From that time on, even the endless snowfields turned to blackened earth, while the volcanoes became clogged with ice.
And still they did not — or could not — speak.
Though that was an age when three were still three.

The reaver from beyond the skies replaced the primordial creator, and gained possession of the vows upon which the three caused the world to turn.
But when the king returned — now corrupted by the darkness — his fury knew no bounds.
And so, when the Master of Light and Flame answered his old master's call, waking from his long-feigned death.
He stopped the lords and the regent from their exploration of the stars and their attempts to replicate the great miracle of moon-forging.
But had the jade-crowned goddesses truly betrayed the dragonborn kingdom with such ease?
Unfortunately, none who knew the answer would survive that war.

"These vague snapshots are all I can recall."
She explained to the girl who had refashioned her body and forged for her this weapon.
But the girl was cleverer than she had imagined, and suppressed her inquiring gaze.
From that day forth, it was her secret to keep — that on the day the heavenly ring shattered, the jade plate fell from the sky.
The dragons cheered cruelly for the death of the moons that had once betrayed them, but to her, it was a reminder.
She recalled how the silent shadows in their palaces among the stars quietly concealed the Moon's remnant that fell before them.
The remnant now placed in the center of the cyclonic mechanism,
Hidden where no one else will ever know, kept safe to this very day.