
In those days, the dark tide had yet to arise. In those days, the sounds of metal shook the skies in the Nanatzcayan's mountains, and the sparks never ceased to fly.
The miners had worked day and night for months on end to make an important item that was not to be neglected.
It is said that this item was intimately associated with the mines' safety and the tribe's survival, and the elders named it the "Mountain-Bracing Bolt."
Whenever the earth would shake and the mountains move, peace could only be purchased by way of tribute, thrown to the mountain spirits in their deepest caverns.

Though it was an ancient ritual indeed, passed down across thousands of years, young Sundjatta mocked it.
He understood the flow of the rocks and the paths veins of ore took, and believed that there must be some reason for the frequent collapses.
Perhaps excessive excavation had rendered the mountains tottering wrecks, or perhaps the earth dragons beneath the springs were up to some mischief.
Regardless, he was determined to venture into the tribe's taboo caverns to uncover the secrets hidden therein.

On he followed the rocky arteries, and on he strove through pitch-black caves. Nothing could stay him.
In the deepest depths of the cavern, palisades of long nails arrayed like perilous peaks stood guard over the gate into spaces deeper still.
This was forbidden territory in which no human had stepped for a thousand years, and yet, there he found marks of recent excavations.
Tunnels, snaking through the underground world, and whither they went, none knew.

At last, following the underground river upstream, he saw a faint glimmer flickering at the exit of the tunnel.
After he had grown used to the harshness of light, which he had not seen in a long while, what appeared before him was a ruin blanketed in ash.
This was once an underground bastion belonging to the usurper of Cinder City and had also once been a place where miners sought shelter in antiquity.
The blind Stegosaurus that resided within the rocky cliffs was, so it seemed, the one responsible for this passage once again seeing the light of day.

"Yes, this tunnel was only known to those skilled craftspeople who the tyrannical Python King pressed into service in Cinder City."
"When the furious usurper aimed to erase the traces of draconic craft, when his folly drew both demons and evils divine,"
"It was through these tunnels that our forebears escaped into the deserted mountains."

But though the sacred passage into the dragon's lair was sealed, bloodthirsty hordes sniffed their way to it all the same.
So to defend their new home atop Tequemecan Valley, the tribe's warriors sang their echoing war-songs.
Sharp blades and long spears in hand, they stepped into the pitch-dark caves and fought viciously against nameless entities darker still.
One weapon after another shattered in their hands, and those in the mountains forged and reforged yet more for them.
And so the battle raged for days and nights without number, until the nightmarish howling and the sounds of clashing stone and metal stopped as one.

This was the Mountain-Bracing Bolt, which bestowed a blessing upon those who had once remained hidden, and who fought for their freedom and their land,
Only to fall before daybreak, they who sacrificed themselves so that dawn might come — a blessing that endures to this very day.

And when the dark tide arose upon the horizon, the sounds of metal shook the skies in the Nanatzcayan's mountains, and the sparks never ceased to fly.
The running, melted mountain rock was meticulously shaped by the craftsmen into keen lances.
Sundjatta, chief of the mines, clambered upon the back of the Stegosaurus Muhuru, and took one up from amidst the cliff walls.
Thus did a new battle begin, bearing the new flame rekindled from the ashes, and the blessings molded from countless wishes.