
"Sin tempted the City of Eternity to its fall, with countless slaves and usurpers thrown down in a night of wrath."
"In the name of the Mother Goddess, we swear to retrieve the Pure Grail and shatter the shackles that confine her."
"For only in this way can we wash for the sin we have borne since birth away, and avoid a similar death."
"No matter the sacrifice, we must see this justice done."

The great symphony would reach its fated end, and on the ruins of a decaying world, the avengers enamored of revenge made their oath.
This water-blue scepter once belonged to a singer named Erinnyes who, in the time of the song of harmony, unified those of the high waters who rebelled against the gods.
Legend has it that her tribe was destroyed by the conquering God King, and that an army from the Golden City enslaved or slew her tribespeople.
Only two were to escape that fate. One met with the proud Harmost during the war and ultimately rose to inherit his authority.
The other hid amidst the bones and was taken in by the chieftain of Aremorica, to guard those pure waters not yet seized by the God King.
Two people who had been lulled to sleep by the same lullabies and sea breezes, found themselves now drifting apart, one on each side of the conflict.

And so, guided by the tides and the whispers of the spirit, the sword-singer of destruction set out on her quest.
She faced unimaginable trials and endured sufferings never before known. Yet, she remained unable to find that Pure Grail.
But it was the heavens who chose the Mistress of Many Waters, commanding her to return from her primeval prison to take over from the golden king and rule the sea-ruins.

"O Mistress of Many Waters, glorious primordial mother, I beg for your wisdom."
"For you, I have killed the unrighteous and toppled countless cities."
"Please tell me, this I plead, how the descendants of all seas might avoid disaster."
"O Mistress of Many Waters, glorious primordial mother, please show mercy, just this once."

In the bloodstained dusk, the Queen of All Waters was moved by that plaintive plea.
And so the kindly goddess told the supplicant what she had once told the King of Fortuna.
But the goddess did not yet know that a self-interested plea could lead only to despair.
And perhaps for that reason, the collapsing illusion thus dyed that so-called faith in its colors.

The aqua-shaded sword, long stained with blood, fell away, carrying the last thread of reason with it.
The singer who had wielded that sword stumbled from the valley, and she was never to be seen again.

The chieftain who dreamed of honor and glory did not see the land of her dreams, nor would she ever find absolution, much like the god who shared similar hopes.
Many years later, when the musician known as the Golden Hunter remembered this name,
Neither blood nor tears were in his thoughts. Only the sound of a distant flute, a twisting melody under a watery moon.