
It was the age when the banners of the tribes had not yet been coated in dust, and the colors of the pact had not yet faded.
The new King of the Cinder City had yet to seize that highest authority, and the plot to betray his oath had yet to be hatched,
The twin heroes of yesteryear, once inseparable as form and shadow, were now at odds, separated by their respective positions.

Though born of the same blood, and though they had embarked on the same journey together with the One Entombed With the Primal Fire,
The eyes of the warrior who wallowed in blood and vengeance still saw dragonkind much differently than the flame-forging artisan,
Though he had never publicly opposed the hero's prohibition, his enmity toward the dragons was known to all.
And thus it was that when the Lord of the Cinder City tentatively ordered that the fleeing wicked dragons be pursued,
Among the heroes who still served the Alliance at that time, only Ahpub answered the call,
And as Chief, he led countless warriors of the Collective of Plenty before the mines in the mountains,
Asking the ruler of the Nanatzcayan to hand over the "ferocious beasts hidden in the mountains" or face their blades.
After facing off for several days, the firebrand hero invited his twin sister to the place of reunion to speak,
Intending to convince the other party with sincere arguments to remember the oath made that day. However...

"Utterly, irredeemably stupid... Foolish beyond belief! Has the haze of the forge-fires befuddled thy heart, and caused thee to forget our old blood-vengeance?"
"The new King's decree has been issued. Wilt thou yet seek to shelter those cruel beasts? To betray the Alliance and our vow?"

"It is you and the usurper ruling the Cinder City who are the real oathbreakers, my foolish brother... Surely you recall the hero's prohibition?"
"Should you insist on hurting these peace-loving dragons, who wish no ill upon us... Nanatzcayan will see you as enemies who betrayed our Alliance."
"O Brother, my foolish brother... What you seek has long ceased to be vengeance, but a blind bloodlust, merely to satiate yourself."

The increasingly incendiary language and the sneering moonlight stole the last trace of his rationality, and brought about a burning rage,
The hero who once locked horns with the titanic dragon drew the blade at his waist and leveled it at the neck of his closest kin.
He intended to do no more than cow the opposition, so as to make that calm Chief of the mines of the mountains obey the new King's decree,
But the crimson that spurted forth terminated all talk, leaving only despairing wails.
At the end of the path of "strength" and "blessings," the hero held the one closest to him in his embrace and walked into the incinerating fire.

In the end, the beacons of war between the tribes were not lit, but rather, were extinguished along with the disappearance of the two Chiefs.
Pretending to forgive the dragons, the King sent emissaries to attempt to persuade those of the canyons and Plenty to temporarily hand authority over to the Alliance,
Until such time as the two tribes had each chosen new Chiefs, and the banners that signified their glory would be returned to them;
While secretly recording the names of those who had sheltered the dragons, waiting for a chance to take the traitors' heads.
But Sakkuk, who was later proclaimed the agent of the tribe, was at that time yet aware of the course fate had charted for her...

Even the scheming usurper could not have known that the obstacles to seizing authority would be swept aside so easily.
And just as he was wailing and rejoicing, the young heir of the Flower-Feather Clan offered him yet more secret counsel...