
By the time Rex Lapis arrived, the ancestors of the people of Chenyu Vale had long since regressed into tribes scattered amongst the hills.
Carving jade as pure as fresh water, and conducting festivals in solemn accord with their ancient traditions,
Waiting for an auspicious day, the tribespeople would cease their onerous labors, and sacrifice their beautiful jade, throwing it into the water as obeisance...
Commemorating the long-silent messengers of the cerulean sky, and looking forward to the blessings and disasters of the coming year.

When the ancient god who once ruled Chenyu Vale had perished in foreign lands, and Rex Lapis's order assumed control of the land,
Those ancient forebears amidst their mountainous wilds slowly accepted the civilization of Liyue, but retained the tradition of offering sacrifices.
With the passing of long years, even the hardest rocks will be eroded by the gentle flow of water into round stones, and the ancient customs of the locals were accepted by the new migrants from Liyue,
And thus, this place has developed different social customs from Liyue Harbor, and the people have a gentle nature different from those of Liyue Harbor.

As the endless years passed and seasons turned, the ancestral forebears and their tribes mingled and fused with the newcomers to become new clans and settlements...
Having lost the ancient art of carving those jade ornaments, in the new era, tea is grown, and tea fields are now spread across Chenyu Vale.
Though the people of Chenyu Vale no longer toss jade ornaments, clear like pure water, into the eternally flowing rivers as sacrifices,
The ceremony of going to Yilong Wharf to commemorate the ancestors and the dead has survived to this day, like gem-bright jade in a clear mountain stream.

Sometimes, herb gatherers will still find blueish-green Yilong jade in the ruins among the mountains and valleys,
Though it no longer responds to the ancient heavens, it still shines brightly with the light of this world.
The silent jade itself has never told that ancient history of their ancestors' hardships and wanderings,
All the puzzles of the past are left merely waiting for those who accidentally pick them up, to guess and imagine.