
There are few truly inescapable traps in this world, for even the densest web can be threaded with a needle.
Glimmers of hope can be found between the hooks and cages of even a trap set to kill.
Just as no one can fully lock away their heart, even the most cautious defenses must eventually falter.

To a fae raised in the palace, falsehoods and hypocrisy are far more perilous than tricks and traps.
To preserve their ill-gotten wealth, the nobles hid their treasures in countless deadly snares.
They believed no one could escape alive, yet the clever fae always found a way.

This is because the more complex a structure, the more flaws it contains.
Seize the right moment, and all obstacles will fall away.

This was how the reputation of the thief known as the Vagabond spread like wildfire. The deception was so complete that no one even suspected his true identity as the noble Nashchokin.
He was both a noble, enduring the tedium of court and aristocratic society, and the infamous thief who plundered the guarded treasures of the very lords he laughed and chatted with perhaps just moments before.
By right, his life should have been a calm and measured one, untouched by the influence of any other. And yet...

"Hey! You sly fox — yes, I mean you. Always hiding in the shadows, huh? If you have the stones, come with me to the Grand Duke's dinner banquet!"
"Let's have a contest. Whoever uncovers the duke's secret first wins the mantle of the master thief!"
"And don't forget: if you lose, you have to give up the nobles' gold and silver to those who truly need it. That's the way of a true master thief."

The fae had meant to avoid all trouble, this included. That changed the moment he saw a young lady at the banquet sneering at the gathered worthies.
Her masterful disguise as a distinguished guest had one glaring flaw — her utter lack of pretense.
So he accepted Bladebreaker's challenge, but not for the thrill of victory. All he wanted was to glimpse the true nature of a person, a thing so rarely revealed in this world.

Cleverer than beating the game was to never play it, and the fae who sidestepped said game always came out ahead.
Fuming with humiliation, the young lady refused to concede defeat. This time, her challenge was a personal one: to strip the noble of his greatest honor.
She stole the treasure gifted by the Tsaritsa herself, then gave it to the poor children. Surely, victory was at hand.
Not far off, the fae chuckled as he quietly returned the ragged children's toy to the gilded display case.
The sight of the toy astonished both the young lady and the nobles at the unveiling ceremony, and it was clear who had won.

Only this time, the nobles had finally tired of the provocations of the base. And so, they had laid a trap from which there could be no escape.
To the problem, the fae saw a simple solution — the thief who stole the treasure and the one who placed the toy inside need not be two people. So, he calmly stepped into the trap and took the blame for them both.

His influential family name spared him a public execution, and even secured him a final request.
"Please prepare an empty coffin for my burial," the fae finally said after a period of silence. Surprisingly, his request was granted without hesitation.
A smile touched the fae's lips, and then he plunged from the high wall into the eternal silence, stealing the final judgment of life and death from the hands of the higher powers.
yet the thief known as the Vagabond could not ultimately escape the dark shadow of death.

Few secrets last forever, save for those buried deep within the grave...
"My dearest friend, I hope you never unravel this mystery in your lifetime."