
In the end, the dark night was devoured by the heat of the scorching sun. As the smoke dispersed, thus too did the sweetest of dreams dissipate, gone without a trace.
Even before the crimson flames had waned, the inhabitants of the village that had worshipped the dragons were denounced as traitorous enemies by the ruler of the Cinder City...
Shattered was the labyrinth of mirrors, crashing down in the face of the Python King's fury; so too did the fortress of mist crumble before his armies, sweeping through like the ocean tide.
Leading the charge was the hero Maghan, he who had once fought alongside the One Entombed With the Primal Fire, showing courage undiminished since yesteryear,
And before the dragons could awaken from their dream, he had slain the traitors who had made a pact with them, thus ending the conflict.
Yet granted a royal audience, the aging hero would not receive the favor that was offered by the Cinder City's ruler, instead simply seeking a chance to atone:

"My lord, I failed in my endeavor to catch those beasts; they escaped into the depths of the smoke-shrouded valleys."
"Though once a dragon slayer, now I am old and frail, unfit to serve the alliance any longer. Please permit me to retire on account of this."

This was the origin of Mictlan, one of the six great tribes in the thousand years to come.
As for how, when the Cinder City fell, the priest Maghan's successor renewed the pact with the dragons,
And how, according to his wishes, he was buried amongst unmarked graves, rather than being returned to the Sacred Flame;
That is another story altogether, completely unrelated to Maghan the dragon slayer.

"I dream of a katun without fear... the city of jade shall be established where the sun rises, and a new lord shall be born twice."
"The golden emissary shall come, the green bird shall come, Aq're Q'aq shall come. It is the promise of the night."
"I dream of your descendants... free from fears of smoke and phantasms, no longer in tears, no longer in pain."
"The master of flames and blazing infernos... will protect the dreams of humans and dragons alike, watching over them until the stars cease to turn."
"Hero of mine, and mine alone, this is my final vision. Please make this future a reality."
"..."