
"My mother cannot understand your noble resolve, my King. Should she know of this, the Flower-Feather Clan would surely be the first to raise the banner of rebellion against the Grand Alliance"
"My King, for an incandescent, resplendent tomorrow, for the vision of a thousand years, we must completely eradicate the hidden danger as soon as possible. You can hesitate no longer."

It was the age when the banners of the tribes had not yet been coated in dust, and the colors of the pact had not yet faded.
On a night when the quetzals no longer sang, by the fading fire of the hearth, the youth made this suggestion to the usurper.
To this day, none know whether it was to fan the flames of burning ambition, or done out of greed.
All the people know is that the blood-red fires of the banquet in the city of cinders burned away the King's last reservations.

"Heh... Old friend, you need only take care of little old me. Why the need to dispatch hundreds of men?"
"Still, as it was I who misjudged my own blood... Then allow me to repay the blood-debt with blood."

The bowstring was severed, blood drained dry, and even the ever-carried dagger was wielded till it was cloven in two,
And so the hero who had shot countless dragons out of the sky was forced to the end of her rope.
But even so, the First Speaker for the Flower-Feather Clan stood straight and tall amidst the overflowing crimson river.
The very first arrow, she gifted to her treacherous heir, and the remaining arrows to the usurper's minions,
Though her bones had long since shattered, then she would use her final arrow to nail her shattered body to the jade bow.
And the end of that road, not even death could force the proud daughter of the dragons to bend the knee.

"My honored mother... Your daughter has finally found her own path"
"Only suffering belongs to me, and only my song belongs to me... Let this be my epitaph"
"To remember the pain I endured... and finally, transcended."
"I once offered my life to all, and now... I offer my death to the world."