
"Oh, innocent Manechka, against whom shall you clamor tomorrow?"
"Oh, high-handed Manechka, why do you smile no longer today?"
"Oh, eminent Manechka, did yesterday make you sad?"
"Oh, Manechka, you once garrisoned this land."
The children of the ash-lands continue to sing that ancient song.
They imagine as they sing, and they learn to wield their polearms as the guardian once did.

At first, the young girl was a little lone wolf who knew nothing of defending others.
She would falsely borrow the guiding one's name, concealing her hunger and helplessness under haranguing hubris.
"If you know this spear, then you know whose name Manechka comes in here!"
"A loaf of rye bread with twice the servings of butter and jam! Go on, serve it up, quick!"
She succeeded in this venture many times, until the day she encountered the very person whose name she'd falsely taken up, himself feigning a glare of displeasure.
The girl apologized in a panic, dividing her spoils in two to seek forgiveness, only for the other party to laugh aloud.
"O wolf cub of the snowy plains, enjoy the fruit of your hunt."
"There is no need to fear, for you will receive the care you deserve from now on."

Later, the young girl would follow the guiding one, casting down injustice and upholding the good with her spear in hand,
Sometimes leading a wolf pack that answered her call, defending the ashes with innocent devotion.
Then, the brutal acts of the Burner of Cities threatened to raze this land and destroy its people's homes.
As the final battle neared, and she prepared to leave alongside the guiding one, she turned and warned the people thus:
"Do no evil, and do not wield your power to oppress others. If you do anything that betrays your conscience,"
"And we hear of it, rest assured, you won't walk free when we get back."

The girl who returned alone had to learn how to be a calm alpha wolf, for the sake of the hard-won peace,
And for the sake of the guide's last command. She remembered her oath, and would shoulder the burden of defending the people alone.
"Such a price she paid! A half-loaf of bread could have settled things at the start, but Manechka let herself be won over by Big Brother's care."
"A good trade, that was. This story must be told so that future generations will remember the debt the guide owes."
The years of her vigil passed, until the snow-covered land was no longer so full of scars.
Until the children had grown up, and their children then bore the story with them as they took root in the earth.

"Oh, innocent Manechka, against whom shall you clamor tomorrow?"
"Oh, high-handed Manechka, why do you smile no longer today?"
"Oh, eminent Manechka, did yesterday make you sad?"
"Oh Manechka, the ash-lands will always be your home."
They imagine as they sing, and they learn to wield their polearms as the guardian once did.
The children of the ash-lands continue to sing that ancient song.