
Once, when the mighty winds blew through the valley where the springs converged, a giant who towered like a mountain once stood by the sea's edge.
Within his sandstone-like body, a scorching heart burned, and the steam that rose thereby nigh blocked out the sun.
All knew that this was Tupac of the Meztli, and that none who ever lived was taller than he.
From the mountains to the seas, from the forests to the plains, not one in Natlan was his equal.

This was a rare time of prosperity. Peace reigned in the four corners of the earth. Even the ancient shadow-foe was silent.
Under the sunlight, people flourished and were at ease, almost forgetting the ancient, traditional night patrols.
Yet, though all the tribes recognized his name, and even the rebellious hero was hard-pressed to match him,
Still mighty Tupac was sullen, his wild spirit like a dragon trapped in a pool.

"I should have been born in the times of yore. Then, I might have stood alongside masterful Xbalanque, cleaving the skulls of wicked dragons from their necks."
"Or perhaps I should have been one of those who raised the golden-eyed royal banner, striking at the brutal Python King and saving the people from destruction."
"Shall this strength of mine be wasted upon this age of mediocrity?"

The waves lapped against his feet, the flocks of gulls circled the reefs, and the sea breeze began to sing.
Since he had no equals on land, the only thing to do now was to look to the untouched seas beyond.
If he could bring back the great bones of some titanic beast, or discover some treasures from times bygone, he might not have lived in vain.
And so he stepped into the sea's wrathful churn, and let the endless currents carry him to parts unknown.

First, he encountered a winged dragon once exiled by a wise king of old, and its wings served as sails to catch the wind.
Next came the whale that once drove the waves themselves backward. Its bones the giant used as his white boat.
Then came the voracious sea python of the depths, whose fang became Tupac's trusty weapon.
After turning that great seabed-dwelling serpent into a delicious meal to go with his drink, he at last reached the edge of the sea.

"Tupac, hero of the blazing lands, valiant titan, rest your arrogant waves here."
"You are sullen, for the deathly path is yet hidden, and the dark gate has not revealed itself to you."
"Hone your flesh and blood, that they may be as iron armor. Temper your muscle and bone, that they may be as a golden mace."
"Lose not your true heart, and forget not your oath, until the day the exile, who was once your foe, returns."

When the final moment came, mighty Tupac finally understood his duty.
Carrying the master of flames, he came to the place where fire belonged, the Lord of the Night's admonishment still ringing in his ears.
Forever etched into the earth would his legend be, no less than those of any other ancient hero.
And thus did he witness death's door showing itself to him, just as he had once sworn to the deity.