
Often do I hear people sing, hear them tell tales,
At this joyous banquet, when they gather together.
My heart spurs me on to recite a new song for you:
I shall strum my strings, weave my melody,
Start my song, begin my tale,
Of an ancient ancestor, the valiant giant Tupac.
...
The young, heroic Tenoch would be enraged to hear this,
Like a fierce gator, a prideful stag.
He would have raised his stick high and said to Tupac:
Why did you come out to sea? Why did you cross the waves?
Your ancestor Uenuku would not have been so audacious.
If you dare oppose me, I shall make sure you end up as fish food!

Tupac, built like a mountain, would have laughed upon hearing this,
Like a fierce rhino, a majestic emu.
Grasping his drinking horn tightly, he would have replied:
How could a weakling like you harm me in the slightest?
By right, this drinking horn belongs to me, to the kin of my homeland.
If you dare to seize it from me, come wrestle me first!

Tupac, built like a mountain, had always been a heroic figure:
Once, in a fit of rage, he had broken mountains with his bare hands,
Thrust rocks into the earth to make hot springs bubble up.
(The hot springs that can now be seen in the southwest,
Are his legacy, still visible to this day.)
Alone he once set out to sea to battle a giant two-tailed whale,
Tore off the fierce beast's teeth to carry with him.
Like the springs of that era, his heart was fervent and untamed,
How could the young, heroic Tenoch possibly hope to impress him?
...
Tupac, built like a mountain, recalled the events of decades past,
When he contended with Tenoch for the drinking horn.
And so he spoke before the lord of the blazing flames,
Tupac, built like a mountain, would offer up the drinking horn.
He would present it, revealing his final hope,
Revealing his final hope, thus holding the flame high,
Thus holding the flame high, even till his final breath,
Even till his final breath, he had not betrayed his oath.
...
This is where my story ends; may the youth remember well,
Remember the words I spoke, the legends of the ancients.
My father once sang, in a golden sea breeze,
My mother taught me too, when I was young and naive.
The years of darkness have long passed, the calamities subsided.
There is always singing above the flowing springs; always feasts when dusk begins to fall.
But let the new generation remember, lest they forget this warning:
Above all else, there are two things that must never be forsaken — unity and promises.