
Domovoy born with statures considered small even amongst their people struggle to find a place to belong, no matter where they go.
The beasts would mock their hunched forms, and humans were wary of their strange appearances.
Must they be forced to bear the sin of betrayal from birth on account of their kin who had pledged loyalty to humans?
Was there no other way to carve out a place for oneself beyond becoming a jester to be made sport of, thus ingratiating oneself with the powerful?

"Know this, my lost kin: the realm that the Tsaritsa has created has no place in it for us."
"Seek vengeance against humanity, for their sowing of discord and their preposterous plays at power. We fae were the original masters of ice and snow."
The hunchbacked Domovoy was thus accepted by the Burner of Cities and her servants, and he served beneath the banner of old royalty.
Alongside the brutal wolf-fae, he listened to the sublime edicts of the wise one, and from then on followed the banner of destruction and emptiness.

This spy by the Burner of Cities' side was one day discovered, and they subjected him to alternating rounds of torture and persuasion.
"You ingrate! We accepted an outsider such as you, only to be rewarded with treachery."
"Yet a lost lamb may still be forgiven and granted blessed protection, so long as they speak truth from now."
Yet for all the rattling of the chains or all the honey poured on, silence was the answer the executioners received.

Humiliated and infuriated, the brigands moved to execute the Domovoy cruelly, all the better to warn others of a traitor's fate.
Faced with the axe and eternal slumber, the figure that once stooped now unveiled his commanding height.
"Ideals that conceal selfishness and hatred should not be allowed to deceive the world. The scheme to destroy the Torches must be stopped for justice to be done."
"The Domovoy serve not humanity, but the future of all life. Away with all this ostentation! Death shall taste sweet to me."

Through echoes in the relics he left behind, he was able to bring a secret report to his companions, along with the bright future he would not live to see.
This then was the tale of the Domovoy, a fleeting existence in transient time, whose steadfastness earned not a single chronicler's plaudit.
Only the guiding one resolved to settle his grudge, for the sake of their friendship, for his long years of persistence,
For the oath of loyalty he had made and not forgotten, for he had never once lost his way amidst the long, cold nights.
"To bow and scrape is not my way. One day, the world shall know,"
"That even at the last, Varenukha did not bend."