
"Sin tempted the City of Eternity to its fall, with countless slaves and usurpers thrown down in a night of wrath."
"In the name of Egeria, we swear to find the Pure Grail and restore her to her land."
"For only in this way can we atone for the sin we have borne since birth and avoid a similar death."
"No matter the sacrifice, we shall complete this noble mission in the name of the Lochknights."

The great symphony would reach its fated end, and on the ruins of a decaying world, the upholders of righteousness made their oath.
This water-blue scepter once belonged to a knight named Erinnyes who, in the time of the song of harmony, unified those of the high waters who rebelled against the gods.
Legend has it that her home was destroyed early on by the wrathful God King, with an army from the Golden City enslaving or killing her family.
Only two were to escape that fate. One met with the proud Harmost during the war and ultimately rose to inherit his authority.
The other received the grace of the Mistress of Many Waters and was taken in by the Prince of Aremorica, to guard those pure waters not yet seized by the God King.
Two people, survivors of the same home, drifting apart like duckweed on the seas of fate, one toward good, one toward evil.

And so, guided by the sea breeze and the whispers of the maiden in the lake, the noble and determined knights set out on their quest.
They faced unimaginable trials and endured sufferings never before known. But in the end, the heartfelt longing of the people reached the heavens.
Then, thanks to their pure hearts and the Pure Grail obtained through countless sacrifices, the Mistress of Many Waters was freed from imprisonment and restored...

"O Mistress of Many Waters, O gracious Egeria, I yearn for your judgment."
"I have done deeds good and great, but sinned in that doing."
"Your ideals permit no corruption. Only my expulsion can bring me peace."
"O Mistress of Many Waters, O gracious Egeria, grant me this final wish."

On a morning clear as the light reflected on the lake, the Mistress of Many Waters was moved by that pained plea.
And so the kindly goddess granted her wish and gave her blessing to the journey ahead.
For the Mistress of Many Waters knew that a fair judgment was the greatest leniency one could give a selfless soul.
And perhaps that is why that noble verdict dyed fate in its colors.

And thus did a sword as pure as lake-light sink into the lake alongside Egeria's blessings,
And the knight who had wielded that sword left, her head held high, never to be seen again.