
Long, long ago, in what we today call an age of myth, when great dragons still strode amongst the thick jungles,
The abandoned girl was adopted by the mother of dragons, and grew up amidst lush winds and chirping birds.

"Lianca, my dearest and beloved daughter, my pride and joy"
"Go, and find your own path, like your brothers and sisters"
"Though you have neither hard scales, nor claws and fangs as sharp as razors"
"Remember that you will always be the daughter of the mother of dragons, an honorable princess"
"In this world, you kneel to no one, be they human or dragon"
"Choose your path with pride, just like a true dragon"

And so, in keeping with the traditions of dragonkind, the young maiden named Lianca took the bow from the matriarch,
And accompanied by bounteous flowers and quetzals, she embarked alone on her journey to "seek her own path."
It was not until she had traversed many lands belonging to both humans and dragons that the girl who had long grown accustomed to the jungle realized,
Despite the vastness of this world, the ability to fly freely and unrestrained, like a sparrow, seemed to be akin to a luxury.
Laws held mortals in thrall, while obsession confined dragonkind. So-called "freedom" was an article of faith for the strong alone.
—But if that be so, then let all chains be broken, all shackles that hold the weak back from flight be shot from the sky.

In the beginning, it was only a few orphans who had nowhere to go who stayed by her side,
And then, the wandering warriors, unwilling to be bound by the rules of the tribe, who chose to follow her song,
And then, those dragons who had been banished also came to the forest, seeking her protection.
The uncrowned princess accepted them all, human or dragon, whether they had been foe or friend before:
With but a single staff she defeated a bandit massive as a mountain who would waylay passersby, and then all former enmity forgotten with a hearty laugh,
The evil arrogant dragon was shot down three times and cured three times, and they became fast friends.
This was the founding moment of the tribe that would be known as the "Flower-Feather Clan" for the next thousand years,
Where even those who were weak, feeble, and homeless would no need fear the wind and open sky.

"O Outlander hailed as a hero, you seem to misunderstand. I am not their King, and they have no need to submit to anyone"
"None can rule here, for everyone is a crownless king. Let go of those overwrought, convoluted, needless formalities, for the only thing that can please us is the sound of song"
"However, if you are as sincere as your words, if you truly desire to whip up a blazing wind to burn away the eternal shackles"
"If you truly wish to bestow the weak with a place where they are equal, then, O Outlander, whom they acclaim as a hero, I shall journey with you."