
It is said that in a faraway realm on the far side of the starry sea, or perhaps in an ancient era of which history and legend alike failed to record, there was a hidden world known to none.
As with all legends, this one began with a world that was formless and void, with neither beginning nor end. Only the three gods existed, passing the time amidst the infinite void in boredom.

The first god claimed the name "Valor," and he possessed unlimited power and divine might. None in the universe might best him in battle.
The second god was named "Cunning," possessing unlimited wisdom and guile. Since time immemorial, no one could see through his schemes and plots.
Perhaps personality differences were to blame, or perhaps they needed to pass the time, but these two gods would fight endlessly, having never stopped since the world's creation.
Yet, neither intelligence nor strength had any practical meaning in a world with neither beginning nor end, and such, too, proved the contest between the two gods.
Neither could achieve victory, but neither was willing to admit defeat. This, then, was when the third god, "Nature," finally spoke up with an interesting idea.

"Let us create a new world, upon which we shall use dice to determine the winner."
"For even gods cannot change the outcome of the dice."

Though no one knew what transpired in the middle, the three gods reached an agreement in the end and put their disputes aside to partake in this grand plan.
The God of Valor smoothed the lands and turned them into a square chessboard, and he made mountains and rivers in imitation of the past world.
The God of Cunning then carved chess pieces of various forms. Angels, humans, Jinn, monsters. He made the dragons and magical beasts also, those impelled by the God of Nature.
Thus were the heavens and earth opened, and thus did things come to pass.

Thousands of days and nights flew by. Countless adventures and legends took place in their turn upon this tiny, newly built world.
One thing, however, remained consistent — only the dice in the gods' hands could decide the fate of the world.

Even a seasoned Hero, though he could crush city halls of refined gold in but a single casual swing,
Was undone by the Dark Lord despite a valiant struggle, thanks to the vagaries of horrendous dice throws.

"Blast! Well, at least I came prepared for this eventuality. Valor's Hero comes equipped with divinely bestowed armor that has a mortal save. I shall revive the Hero and roll again..."
"Yes, but you'll have to pass a check before that. With the Hero in a weakened state, he is vulnerable to a spiritual attack from the magical sword that contains the soul of the previous Dark Lord..."
"Excuse me? Where is that coming from? I've never seen it in the rules, ever!"
"The Tome of Universal Laws, Page 83. You must have failed to read the updated version, I see."

"Damn you, Ibis, and your godforsaken, backstabbing ways!"
"Oh, come now, what are you saying? Deception is part of war... If you must lay blame anywhere, blame your failure to upgrade the Soul Barrier ability. Alright then. The Hero is now a piece on my side, and I'd quite like him to turn on his companions and..."
"Hold. The Hero is under the control of the previous Dark Lord's will. As such, he should technically not belong to the current Dark Lord's forces. Rather, he should be a monster under Nature's command..."
"What? What is this nonsense!?"
"Aha, you see? Now that the shoe's on the other foot, you've flown into a panic, too."
"With the Hero being seized by the previous Dark Lord, even the current Dark Lord was not his match. The ancient demons thus regained control of the world... The adventure ends here. Neither of you achieved victory, alas."
"That said, not all is lost. Let us create a new batch of adventurers and start another round... We have endless days and countless nights ahead of us, and shall naturally need adventures unnumbered to pass the time."