
In the era when the desert king ruled the lands, authority covered the realm like sunlight over the rolling dunes.
The surviving songs of the nomads are like the chirping of desert insects, forever singing of the glory of that forgotten golden age.
The red lord, they say, once contended against the bright sun, and ultimately fell to the earth like a meteorite.
There are those amongst the priests, they say, who were not slain by the kings and princes who followed, who pass down King Deshret's art of archery...

The descendants of the priests call themselves the "Heirs of the Burning Sun," and practice the ceremonies of King Deshret's kingdom from days past without ceasing.
Even the travelling merchants and their information networks know precious little about these mysterious cabals.
Few among the gilded descendants of the desert have the right to inherit the legacy of King Deshret's priests, and few can still read the ancient texts,
Much less the graceful combat arts that the ancient priests had mastered: cudgel, spear, and that of which they were most proud, archery.

The Eremites name these people "ascetics," and some have now turned their loyalty to the only surviving God King of Sumeru.
But most disappeared into the boundless desert, hiding among the snakes, scorpions, and specters of the ancient kingdom.
Those loyal to the rainforest retain the customs of being hidden and silent, using their strength to repay the ancient favor,
Yet in their heart of hearts, they deeply mourn their ancestors and His Majesty, King Deshret, who met with disaster millennia before.

In this way, the elegant and ancient art and ceremony of archery has been passed down till today by the descendants of the priests.
Though the meaning of many ancient texts and pictures have long been lost or have succumbed to error,
And though the mighty figure of the red lord nocking an arrow to his bow has become only a shattered dream of the distant past...
The fragile embers of that ancient nation have not yet been extinguished, but have become an even more deeply concealed element,
Passing on their inherited knowledge of the ancient days, protecting civilization today.

And among those "ascetics" who disappeared into the desert, some strayed from the path of the priest.
They became obsessed with fleeting mirages of authority, attempting to meddle with and mold the nomadic tribes.
Using the strict ceremonies of the ancient past, they trained lost children as "Falcons."
The advanced techniques honed from generation to generation to cultivate noble warriors have today taken a decidedly different path.
To assist in the birth of a new "king," they trained completely mindless Falcons and dogs...
But that is another tale for another time, for those with great ambition often disappear into the vast desert,
Without a sound, like bitter tears falling into the infinite and endless ocean.